{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPN007\'2FE001CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Lilitha College of Nursing \'28public institution\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Nursing\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Lusikisiki Main Campus\line Main Street\line St Elizabeth Hospital\line Lusikisiki\line 4802\line \line East London Main Campus\line 40 Lennox Road\line Amalinda\line East London\line 5247\line \line \line \line Mthatha Main Campus\line Nelson Mandela Drive\line Fortgale\line Mthatha\line 5099\line \line Port Elizabeth Main Campus\line 58 Park Drive Central\line Port Elizabeth\line 6000\line \line \line Queenstown Main Campus\line 2 Kingsway Avenue\line Frontier Hospital\line Queenstown\line 5320\line \line Butterworth \line Corner Scalen and Geach Street \line Butterworth Hospital \line Butterworth\line 4960\line \line St Lucy\'27s \line C\'2Fo St Lucy\'27s Hospital\line St Cuthberts\line Tsolo\line 5170\line \line East London Main Campus\line 40 Lennox Road Amalinda\line East London\line 5200\line \line Nompumelelo\line Grahamstown Road N2 \line Peddie\line 5640\line \line Victoria\line Victoria Hospital\line Ntselamanzi Road \line Alice\line 5700\line \line Madzikane kaZulu\line N2 Main Road\line Madzikane ka Zulu Hospital\line Mount Frere\line 4090\line \line St Patricks\line 152 Hope Street\line St Patricks Hospital \line Bizana\line 4800\line \line Dr Malizo Mpehle\line Main Road \line Tsolo\line 5170\line \line \line St Barnabas\line R61 Road \line Ntlaza Administrative Area \line Libode\line 5160\line \line Andries Vosloo\line Charles Street\line Somerset Hospital \line Somerset East\line 5850\line \line Dora Nginza\line Spondo Road Zwide\line Port Elizabeth\line 6000\line \line \line Midland\line No 1 Albertyn Street      \line Graff Reinet\line 6280\line \line Settlers\line Milner Street \line Grahamstown \line 6140\line \line All Saints\line All Saints Hospital\line Administrative Area \line Ngcobo\line 5050\line \line \line Glen Grey\line Glen Grey Hospital\line Indwe Road \line Lady Frere\line 5410\line \line Umlamli\line Umlamli Hospital\line Holta Location\line Sterkspruit\line 9762\line \line East London Main Campus\line 40 Lennox Road\line \line East London \line \line 5200\line \line Nessie Knight\line Sulemkama Location\line Nessie Knight Hospital\line Qumbu\line 5180\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Lilitha College of Nursing is not yet registered by the Department of Education as a private higher education institution and has no programmes accredited by the CHE. \line \line The institution is currently applying for the accreditation of the Diploma in Nursing programme to be offered on a contact mode at the following campuses\'3A \line \line 1. Lusikisiki Main Campus - Lusikisiki \line 2. East London Main Campus - East London \line 3. Mthatha Main Campus - Mthatha \line 4. Port Elizabeth Main Campus - Port Elizabeth \line 5. Queenstown Main Campus - Queenstown \line 6. Butterworth - Butterworth \line 7. St Lucy\'27s - Tsolo \line 8. East London Main Campus - Elliotdale \line 9. Nompumelelo - Peddie \line 10. Victoria - Alice \line 11. Madzikane kaZulu - Mount Frere \line 12. St Patricks - Bizana \line 13. Dr Malizo Mpehle - Tsomo \line 14. St Barnabas - Libode \line 15. Andries Vosloo - Somerset East \line 16. Dora Nginza - Port Elizabeth \line 17. Midland - Graff Reinet \line 18. Settlers - Grahamstown \line 19. All Saints - Ngcobo \line 20. Glen Grey - Lady Frere \line 21. Umlamli - Sterkspruit \line 22. East London Main Campus - East London \line 23. Nessie Knight \'E2\'80\'93 Qumbu\line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator reviewed that application found that the programme does not meet minimum requirements in terms of all the Criteria to be considered for accreditation. It is recommended that the programme is not accredited.\line \line The evaluator noted that the application is not written in such a way to allow easy evaluation. Firstly the supporting evidence is almost completely absent. Most of the required information is not provided per campus\'2C preventing any conclusion that the learning experience is equitable. An additional complicating factor is the content in the application compared with the various revitalization projects that are planned or ongoing or completed. The documentation uploaded in this regard\'2C dates from 2012 and the evaluator worked from the perspective that if the projects were completed\'2C the application would have reflected the improved situation.  A serious concern is the lack of congruency regarding credits and hours\'2C specifically to WIL. The evaluator is of opinion that the education received in the various main and sub-campuses\'2C based on the evidence provided\'2C is not equitable. A site visit is recommended to ascertain if the college is capable of offering education on a higher education level.\line \line The programme has been approved at all institutional governance structures. The programme comprises of theoretical and clinical teaching across all the modules of the programme in an integrated way.  The programme aims to prepare general nurses who are able to contribute to quality health care in South Africa. Provision is made for articulation.  The total credits for the programme is 384 which is above the SANC Regulation 171 stipulations\'3A  it is not evident from the submission how this additional workload will be accommodated.  The submission lists the modules that are part of the curriculum with the ELO\'E2\'80\'99s\'3B no other module information has been provided.  The submission lacks information regarding the associated NQF 5\'2F6 competencies to be achieved.  The submitted Academic Programme development and Approval Policy provides detail on the process on developing a new programme.  The SANC endorsement letter endorsed the programme for 4 campuses and 14 sub-campuses\'2C while the application is for 5 campuses and 18 sub-campuses.   \line \line Budget information has been uploaded but concern exists about how the institution would be able to build up an asset base if all unused money is returned to DoH.  The Equitable Share Budget provided is for 2017 and outdated.  More information is required to make a more informed evaluation. Only financial totals are reflected and it is not clear what proportion is educational related finance.  \line \line No marketing material has been provided but the submission states that the institution will mostly use career exhibitions at schools.  The admission criteria aligns with statutory requirements.  The submission lacks information on enrolment plans for all the sites of delivery.  The admission requirements do not allow those with an auxiliary nursing qualification to be admitted though it is a legal entry point.  The institution failed to clarify how RPL is to be used to widen access as the process currently caters only for previously qualified nursing related qualifications.  \line \line The academic staff seem insufficient. The number of qualified academic staff members per site has been listed\'2C but in view of no enrolment plan it is not possible to evaluate the sufficiency of educators.   Some of the sites have only one educator listed \'28Dr Malizo Mphele and Glen Grey\'29 and some only three educators\'2C which raises concerns about their ability to teach all modules.  No information on clinical facilitation has been provided.  The institution is commended on well-organised submitted CV\'E2\'80\'99s.  Four of the sub-campuses have no programme coordinator.  No specific information on staff development has been uploaded\'2C the documentation provided is outdated \'282014\'29 and general.  Academic staff have opportunity to engage in continuing education activities.  There is a general description of workload distribution without a specific workload model.  There is a description on how WIL activities will be facilitated though there are no information on these facilitators for any of the campuses. \line \line \line Criterion 4 deals with staffing size\'2C seniority and employment conditions and the information is insufficient and does not comply to minimum requirements.  The information provided per campus is identical. The policies provided are those of the Eastern Cape Department of Health.  The procedures described and policies uploaded are compliant with the current legislative framework.  Provision is made for staff development according to their individual needs.  The college has trained laboratory managers and skilled IT staff.  No campus specific detail has been provided.  A functional organogram has been uploaded for the whole of the college.  CV\'E2\'80\'99s for 22 data capturers have been uploaded\'2C though there is no specific detail on actual staff per campus\'2Fsite.  This needs to be clarified.  Most of the narrative is written in future tense suggesting that the required staff complement is not yet in place.\line \line The teaching and learning strategy does not comply to minimum standards.  The uploaded Teaching and Learning Policy was developed in conjunction with NMU\'2C WSU and UFH.  The policy deals mainly with functions of educators\'2C students and administrators in relation to teaching and learning.  There is no section or description of the teaching and learning strategy or teaching methods.  The policy document lacks guidance on how teaching material is to be developed.  The institution is required to clarify how effective teaching will be effected.  The submission states the various methods of teaching to be employed and indicates about 30\'25 of notional hours to be contact lecture time.  The Clinical Teaching Policy provides information on responsibilities of various stakeholders but has no information that pertains directly to Reg. 171.  It is not evident from the submission whether all campuses\'2Fsites have equivalent resources.  The WIL placement section in the submission \'28Section 1.10\'29 contradicts the hours provided in the SAQA document.  This section further lacks information alignment with Reg. 171 and on the expected outcomes to be achieved for each year of study.  The list of prescribed readings are mostly outdated and needs to be updated.  No MoU\'E2\'80\'99s have been uploaded to confirm that the institution will have sufficient clinical placements for the WIL required component.  \line \line Student support is mostly described around IT support\'2C library and laboratories\'2C there is no specific mention of student academic development and support.  More information is required.  The process to identify and support inactive students have been described\'2C and the institution refers to a related policy which has not been uploaded.  There is no mention on how student progress will be monitored.  The institution submitted a document describing how to ensure quality in a wide range of activities. \line \line Information on assessment is not sufficient and does not meet minimum requirements. An Assessment Policy has been uploaded\'2C focussing on aspects such as summative assessment\'2C moderation\'2C invigilation and marking.  A separate Moderation Policy has been provided describing in detail internal and external moderation processes.  Reference is made to the WIL Assessment Policy\'2C which was not available.  This policy indicates that assessment will happen continuously following a programme of clinical experiences.  The summative WIL assessment is described as an OSCE which is in contradiction to the SAQA document.  The process of recording assessment results has been described in detail.  No description has been provided to ensure the explicitness of examinations.  The process of providing feedback to students after assessments have been described and an appropriate mechanism for student appeals are in place.  \line \line The evaluator indicated that infrastructure and library resources is inadequate to support the programme.  A table provides information of campus infrastructure and library resources.  No enrolment plan has been provided making it difficult to assess its adequacy.  All sub-campuses have either permanent or temporary class room space\'2C demonstration rooms that are adequate\'2C and library space.  The simulation laboratories are equipped with standard equipment\'2C though no evidence has been uploaded on the skills laboratory.    A computer laboratory with internet connection is accessible to staff and students on each sub-campus.  Computer technicians are available to support staff and students.  No evidence on the number of computers or anticipated number of students have been provided.  Learning material and programme specific information will be available on programme specific sites.  \line \line No evidence on detail has been uploaded to evaluate the equivalency of infrastructure across sites.  The submission states that the Eastern Cape Government has embarked on a revitalization project of sites but no further detail has been provided on the current status.  No OHS certificates have been uploaded though the OHS Policy stipulates responsibilities related to OHS.  \line \line The institution uses the Student Management System which handles Student Management\'2C Academic Management\'2C Examination\'2C Student Services\'2C Resource Management\'2C Admin\'2C MyPortal and Finance.  Access is controlled according to responsibilities and function.  The institution offers the required range of administrative support functions required to support the programme. The processes to ensure the integrity of the certification process is adequate.  \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Nursing \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql A document \'22Prescribed Readings for Diploma\'22 has been uploaded. The list contains 10 books for all three years of study which is mostly outdated \'282008-2014\'29. This is not appropriate for a diploma on the higher education band. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1 \'28iii\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql Due to the lack of enrolment plan per campus it is not possible to evaluate the sufficiency of the educators.   The institution failed to respond per campus\'2Fsite how the number of educators meet the programme demands.  For example\'2C at Dr Malizo Mphele and Glen Grey\'2C there is only one educator who indicated that he\'2Fshe offers all modules.  The sub-campuses generally has 3-4 educators for the three-year programme.  According to the submission four sub-campuses do not have a coordinator.  No workplace model has been uploaded and  workload distribution is generally described.\line \line The submission provides no indication of clinical facilitation in any of the main or sub-campuses.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3 \'284 \'28i\'29 \'28iv\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql For the sub-campuses\'2C the one general statement regarding facilities and infrastructure has been provided\'2C identical for all the sub campuses. It is not possible to determine the equivalency of education in the sub-campuses as the general statement does not provide any specific information per campus\'2C nor has any evidence been uploaded.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql Sufficiency of support staff is difficult to assess as the submission is written in the future tense and it is not possible to evaluate the sufficiency of support staff for the main and sub-campuses. No information of the current situation has been provided.  \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 4 \'28vi\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The admission requirements failed to reflect that a prior auxiliary nursing qualification legally allows for admission to the programme.\line The RPL process lacks clarity on what basis students will be accepted via RPL\'2C in particular those admitted on the age \'2823\'29 criterion..\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 2 \'28ii\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The Eastern Cape Department of Health in conjunction with the National Department of Health is in the process of building new nursing schools and nurses homes from the revitalization programmes. It is not clear to what extend these revitalizing projects are completed. A document \'28Library and Physical Resources\'29 it indicates the allocated percentages of resources. It is not dated and it is not clear whether these revitalization projects are completed or not or if the table just show that all or some the resources to complete the projects have been allocated. All the main campuses and sub campuses are included in the document. Information is required. Some are planned and some are being completed. Most is dated 2012 with no current information. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The SANC endorsement letter reflects a different number of offering sites than what the  application is for. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The submission lacks detail on the Clinical Teaching Policy and compliance to Reg. 171 and how equivalence is achieved across the various sites.\line The credits allocated to WIL differs in the submission from that in the SAQA document.  It is not evident that all sites have equivalent equipment.  No MoU\'27s have been uploaded to demonstrate that the institution will have sufficient clinical placements for the WIL related requirements of Reg. 171.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1 \'28iii\'29 \'28vi\'29 \'28ix\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The summative assessment of the WIL is described as an OSCE. This is contrary to the SAQA document uploaded\'2C stating that all summative practical assessments must be conducted in actual clinical practice or care settings.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The total programme credits exceeds that stipulated by Reg. 171 by 24 credits which amounts to a substantial student workload.  It is not evident how the programme design addresses Reg. 171 requirements.  The number of credits stated in the SAQA document should reflect the same number of credits in the application.   The rules of combination has not been described.  \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1 \'28vi\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The uploaded budgets lacks clarity on how sub-campuses are to be funded.  One of the documents is an Executive Summary and is for the period 2017\'2F2018.  The institution failed to provide detail on how the sub-campuses will be funded.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1 \'28i\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql There is no mention of study related support\'2C or any of the expected support available at an institution offering programmes on a higher education band. The institution failed top describe how student progress is monitored.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 5 \'28i\'29 \'28ii\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}