{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 6th October 2020\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR290\'2FE042CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Milpark Education \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Arts\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Milpark Education \line Corner Landau Terrace and Main Rd East\line Melville \'28ext 2\'29\line Johannesburg\line 2007\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Milpark Education is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution and has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Bachelor of Arts programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 13th -15th August 2019 and HEQC meeting held on 11 September 2019.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A \line 1. The Institution did not demonstrate that the programme design\'2C the theoretical skills and knowledge are sufficiently developed to ensure that graduates of this programme benefit from the intended educational purposes.\line 2. The Institution did not demonstrate that the progression rule as required by the HEQSF is reflected in the programme design and that the rules are commensurate with the learning outcomes and the complexity of the degree.\line 3. The possibilities of horizontal and vertical articulation within and across the Institution have not been substantiated. \line 4. The Institution did not provide evidence to demonstrate that proper planning regarding sustainable staffing \'28for\'29 this programme is in place\'2C nor provided assurance that it is in accordance with acceptable student to staff member ratios. Sufficient evidence\'2C to demonstrate that the academic and support functions needed to assure the running of this programme are in place\'2C is lacking. \line 5. The Institution did not appoint a full-time Programme Coordinator\'2C whose role in constant monitoring of students on two campuses will not otherwise be possible. \line \line The Institution submitted a representation which has been evaluated.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line Milpark Education \'28Pty\'29 Ltd responded to the reasons provided by making representation regarding the non-accreditation of the Bachelor of Arts programme \'28H\'2FPR292\'2FE042CAN\'29. The Institution\'E2\'80\'99s response was considered against the accreditation criteria and the HEQSF.  \line \line The responses provided by the Institution are considered below\'3A\line Reason 1\'3A The programme design\'2C theoretical skills and knowledge are not sufficiently developed to ensure that graduates of this programme benefit from the intended educational purpose.\line The Institution was required to provide information demonstrating that the programme design\'2C theoretical skills and knowledge include information to demonstrate how the vision of developing students\'E2\'80\'99 leadership skills and their understanding of the humanities within the African context informs what a reasonable workload would be\'2C for example. This would also - among others- point to the assessment requirements\'2C use of ICTs to promote group learning\'2Fdiscussions. The Institution provided information to demonstrate that the subject choices comply with the curriculum design. To demonstrate\'2C references were made to possible professions students could follow and the graduate attributes they acquire. While this is important\'2C this has to be done within the context outlined in the HEQSF. Thus\'2C developing a programme with two majors is\'2C for example\'2C in line with HEQSF requirements. The table provided demonstrates this but raises the question of progressive learning. All modules are worth 20 credits and the only requirement for students to progress to the next level means successful completion of a level before they are allowed to progress to the next. The Directorate considers this to be a partial fulfilment of the HEQSF requirements as the table and the conditions outlined do not sufficiently address the coherent learning experience as the modules across the programme are not coherently planned with regard to credits\'2C rules of combination\'2C and relative weight. Expressed differently\'2C this means that the Institution partially complies with HEQSF requirements as this is not only about 120 credits offered over each year but also about how credits are used to determine deeper understanding of disciplines chosen as majors. The Directorate considers the information provided as insufficient to warrant accreditation.\line \line Reason 2\'3A The programme design does not reflect the progression rule as required by the HEQSF and the rules are not commensurate with the learning outcomes and complexity of the degree.\line The Institution was required to demonstrate that the volume of learning required for the programme is quantified. The credit weight of all modules at 20 credits fails to do this. In terms of notional study hours each module\'2C regardless of the year of study\'2C is the same. The HEQSF explicitly states that credits are a measure of the volume of learning required. Thus\'2C where the HEQSF recommends 120 credits per year and over three years for a Bachelor\'27s for example\'2C it expects institutions to demonstrate progression in terms of volume of learning and time spent. This means that a student doing Philosophy over three years will\'2C by year three\'2C spend the maximum number of notional study hours. Thus Philosophy at Level 5 should be worth 12 credits \'28120 notional study hours\'29\'2C at Level 6 it should be worth 20 credits \'28200 notional study hours\'29 and at level 7 it should be 30 credits \'28300 notional hours\'29. In the third year\'2C students majoring in Philosophy would do two third-year modules each worth 60 credits over the year. The Directorate considers the information provided by the Institution as not complying with the basic requirements of the HEQSF and can thus not be accredited.\line \line Reason 3\'3A Possibilities of horizontal and vertical articulation within and across the Institution have not been substantiated\line The Institution acknowledged that it had not provided sufficient information regarding the opportunities for articulation with other programmes within and across institutions and where possible. In addition\'2C the Institution recognised that it does not offer any such possibilities within as it does not offer any programmes in the Arts. The only possibility for articulation is across institutions. The Directorate notes the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s limits in offering articulation within. The Institution has not provided sufficient evidence to demonstrate that graduates of this programme could articulate into programmes at other institutions. Without firm opportunity that students can do so\'2C it seems to be the responsibility of the student which the Directorate cannot support. \line \line Reason 4\'3A Insufficient evidence was provided to demonstrate proper planning regarding staffing for this programme or that it is in accordance with acceptable student staff ratios nor was there sufficient evidence to demonstrate the academic and support functions needed to assure the running of the programme are in place.\line The Institution provided the support and academic staff breakdown to demonstrate that it was on par with public institutions. This was done using data published by the CHE in 2015. It also provided a projection of student enrolment over the first three years\'3A where the first cohort intake of 30 students would increase to 70 students by year three. According to the Institution\'2C the ten academic staff members involved in this programme are suitably qualified\'2C and with the relevant higher education experience. \line \line The full-time to part-time staff ratio was addressed and the Institution argued that its current complement was sufficient to ensure the programme. Any increase of the staff complement is subject to the accreditation status of the programme.\line The Directorate considered the staff complement evidence provided as acceptable for the programme.\line \line Reason 5\'3A The Institution did not appoint a full-time coordinator to assure the constant monitoring of students on two campuses.\line Only the Melville campus\'2C according to the Institution\'2C was listed as the site of delivery and thus considers the mention of two campuses as resulting from confusion. Regarding the status of a full-time programme coordinator\'2C the Institution indicated reasons for not appointing one while the programme is in process of accreditation. It has identified a suitable candidate and in the interim period\'2C the Executive Manager for Tuition and Research would assure the interim need. \line The Directorate considers the evidence provided for this as sufficient.\line \line The Directorate considered the evidence provided and recommends that this programme should not be accredited. The principle reasons for non-accreditation is that the programme design is not commensurate with the philosophy of the HEQSF. \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Arts \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. Where the HEQSF recommends 120 credits per year and over three years for a Bachelor\'27s\'2C for example\'2C it expects institutions to demonstrate progression in terms of volume of learning and time spent. This means that a student doing Philosophy over three years will\'2C by year three\'2C spend the maximum number of notional study hours. Thus\'2C Philosophy at Level 5 should be worth 12 credits \'28120 notional study hours\'29\'2C at Level 6 it should be worth 20 credits \'28200 notional study hours\'29 and at Level 7 it should be 30 credits \'28300 notional hours\'29. In the third year\'2C students majoring in Philosophy would do two third-year modules each worth 60 credits over the year. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The modules across the programme are not coherently planned with regard to credits\'2C rules of combination\'2C and relative weight.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. The design of the programme raises questions about possible horizontal and vertical articulation.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}