{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 1st January 1970\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1071\'2FE003CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Learnership Support Systems \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql National Certificate\'3A Occupationally Directed Education Training and Development Practices\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 6 Alexandra Street\line Florida\line 1709\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Learnership Support Systems \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training. The Institution currently has no accredited programmes.\line \line In July 2019\'2C the Institution submitted three programmes for accreditation which are currently in process\'2C namely\'3A\line 1\'29 National Diploma\'3A Labour Relations Practice\'3A Dispute Resolution\line 2\'29 National Diploma\'3A Occupationally Directed Education\'2C Training and Development Practices \line 3\'29 National Certificate\'3A Occupationally Directed Education Training and Development Practices. \line \line The National Certificate\'3A Occupationally Directed Education Training and Development Practices \'28NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR1071\'2FE003CAN\'29 was submitted for evaluation by a subject specialist. \line \line The summary of the evaluation and recommendation follow.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator found that Criterion 1 does not comply with minimum standards and that Criteria 3\'2C 4\'2C 5\'2C 6\'2C 7 and 8 need improvement. Hence\'2C the recommendation that the programme should not be accredited. \line \line The evaluator reviewed the application and notes that the HEQSF does not provide for the qualification\'2C i.e. National Certificate \'28NQF Level 5\'29. The evaluator assumes that the qualification is intended to be a Higher Certificate \'28NQF Level 5\'29\'2C or the Qualification Type should be an Occupational Certificate \'28NQF Level 5\'29\'2C that is part of the OQSF \'28which is the responsibility of the QCTO\'29. The evaluator stated that the institution provides ETD Practitioner training and is accredited by the ETDP SETA to offer skills programmes as well as full qualifications \'28one National Certificate\'2C one National Diploma and one FET Certificate\'29. This qualification develops the competencies needed for ETD practitioners operating at NQF Level 5\'2C but does not align with the HEQSF or MRTEQ.\line \line Programme development\'2C teaching\'2C learning and assessment are guided by the institutional Policy on Learning Programme Development\'2C Delivery and Evaluation\'2C which supports the following\'3A the RPL assessment process\'3B delivery and evaluation methods \'28including language\'2C delivery style\'2C environment\'2C support resources\'29\'3B review and monitoring of all operational activities on all levels at predetermined time frames\'2C with the necessary corrective actions\'2C using standardized procedures\'3B and procedures in the development of learning programmes. \line \line The learning activities involve 40\'25 practical workplace experience\'2C but the institutional profile states that the institution has no experiential learning policy\'2C Workplace Skills Plan or contract arrangements with business for experiential learning. Also\'2C no information on experiential learning was provided in section 1.10. In terms of learning materials\'2C the application indicates that a learner guide and portfolio file with workbook documents are provided to learners.  Other required learning material for this qualification is the SAQA Assessment and Moderation Criteria document and relevant Acts. \line \line The programme comprises five compulsory modules and two optional modules\'2C but the evaluator indicated that it seems as if all seven modules should be compulsory to ensure that sufficient credits are attained to obtain the qualification. The evaluator notes that the credits assigned to the modules in the SAQA Application do not add up to 121.\line \line The application does not explain the articulation possibilities of this programme\'2C but it seems as if this programme articulates with any FET Certificate \'28NQF Level 4\'29 and the Diploma in Occupationally Directed Education Training and Development Practices \'28NQF Level 6\'29. \line \line The evaluator indicated that the admission requirements for this programme is a FETC \'28NQF Level 4\'29 or equivalent and therefore adheres to legislation for this NQF Level 5 programme. The institution seems to have acceptable procedures for the recruitment and selection of students. \line \line The evaluator found that most of the staff have qualifications as assessors\'2C moderators and facilitators. The highest qualification of the Head of the Institution is a NDip \'28ETD\'29. The Academic Head\'2C which is the Director of Marketing as well\'2C has a N Dip and a National Higher Certificate registered with various SETAs involving assessment and moderation. One CV is uploaded for academic and administrative staff\'2C with highest qualification N Cert \'28Sign Language\'29. None of the staff hold a Diploma or higher qualification that would qualify them to teach in this programme. The evaluator also noted that the external examiner has a N Cert which is also insufficient for the programme. The evaluator indicated that the institution recognises that the quality of staffing\'2C and related staff development\'2C are fundamental to the quality and success of the organisation. All newly recruited staff will go through an induction process.  Team and individual training and development needs will be regularly reviewed and analysed\'2C and funding will be made available for identified staff training needs. Staff will be encouraged to gain further qualifications particularly as assessors and internal moderators\'2C but the evaluator feels that it will not necessarily create an environment to cultivate and support quality higher education practices. \line \line The evaluator noted that no research experience or research outputs are indicated as no staff member holds a postgraduate qualification. It is also stated that the recruitment of staff follows relevant labour legislation\'2C but the evaluator stated that there is no diversity of staff. The distribution of workload is also not clear\'2C and the institution does not have a specific workload allocation model. It is also noted that the organisational structure does not clearly outline the academic staff component. The Marketing Director and Academic Head seem to be the same person\'2C in different \'E2\'80\'9Clegs\'E2\'80\'9D of the organisational structure. Similarly\'2C the same person is the head of the institution\'2C programme coordinator and represents the administrative and support staff.  \line \line With regard to Teaching and Learning\'2C the evaluator stated that the Institution does not have a policy regarding the monitoring and evaluation of teaching and learning. One of the main goals of the institution is to guide and support students. The evaluator indicated that\'2C in the education and training process\'2C the needs of individual students are identified\'2C personal development plans are formulated\'2C progress is regularly reviewed\'2C feedback is given\'2C and support and guidance are available. A process of gathering information about learners\'E2\'80\'99 strengths\'2C difficulties\'2C aspirations and needs will be undertaken by facilitators in partnership with the learners. The method of tuition and mode of delivery of the institution are predominantly in-house classroom contact learning sessions\'2C although distance learning is offered where applicable. It is claimed that theory\'2C practice and workplace application are integrated. Portfolios form an important part of learning. Programmes are reviewed by facilitators and students\'2C followed by the necessary remediation\'2C controlled by the Programme Director.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the Assessment Management Policy addresses and adheres to minimum requirements. Formative and summative assessment procedures\'2C as well as re-assessment and supplementary opportunities\'2C are described in the Organisational Policy document. The primary assessment method is a portfolio of evidence and others include monthly tests\'2C practical assessments\'2C assignments and integrated assessment. It is stated that students have the right to appeal assessment results. Furthermore\'2C all students are subject to the Student Code of Conduct and disciplinary proceedings. Staff development will ensure that staff have all the necessary competencies to conduct assessment. No indication is given with regard to external moderation processes. The evaluator pointed out that assessment was described from a general perspective\'2C and although the policies and institutional processes comply with minimum standards\'2C no assessment information for this programme is provided in the application \'28e.g. summative vs formative assessment\'2C ratios\'2C assessment methods\'29.\line \line As far as facilities and infrastructure is concerned\'2C the evaluator stated that the Institution does not have any lecture venues\'2C because they make use of client training venues. Also\'2C they have no IT laboratories\'2C library and other student facilities. The institution has staff offices on their premises and the institution has five computers for five staff members. The learners must have their own computers in their workplace where in-house training is offered. The institution has no library\'2C no library staff and no library budget. They focus on in-house training and travel across the country. No indication of adequate access on and off campus is given. The Directorate notes that this application is for a contact programme.\line \line The management information system \'28MIS\'29 of the institution to support management of teaching and learning\'2C uses MS Word\'2C Excel and Virtual IT database but the Institution intends to upgrade to an SQL database. Annual reports and reports on request are available and it is stated that the institution ensures effective and efficient administrative support for learning. Qualification certificates are issued by the relevant SETA only. No indication is given that the MIS identifies non-active and at-risk students\'2C or monitors performance of students.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should not be accredited.\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i National Certificate\'3A Occupationally Directed Education Training and Development Practices \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. The programme \'28qualification type\'29 does not meet national requirements as outlined in the HEQSF. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The total credits for the qualification \'28120\'29 is not consistent throughout the application and in the supporting documentation.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. Practical workplace experience \'28WIL\'29 is a typical requirement for a programme of this nature\'3A 40\'25 of learning time is allocated to WIL\'2C while the institution does not seem to have the necessary processes\'2C policies and structures to support WIL. The institution has no experiential learning policy\'2C Workplace Skills Plan or contract arrangements with business for experiential learning.  \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1 \'26 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. The Institution has not demonstrated that it has sufficient and relevantly qualified and experienced academic staff members to offer the programme. The workload allocation is not clear due to dual \'28or triple\'29 roles of individual staff members.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 3 \'26 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. There is a lack of detailed information on the teaching and learning approach and the assessment strategies to be adopted in the programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 5 \'26 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 6.The Institution has not demonstrated that it has sufficient capacity in terms of infrastructure\'2C IT and library facilities to offer a higher education programme.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 7. The Institution does not have an MIS to provide effective services to staff and students\'2C to identify non-active and at-risk students\'2C and to monitor the performance of students. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}