{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 6th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR119\'2FE061CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Damelin \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 158\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Damelin Randburg\line Cnr Malibongwe Drive and Republic Road\'2C Randburg\line \line Damelin Braamfontein\line Cnr Simmonds \'26 De Korte Street\'2C Braamfontein\line \line Damelin Overport\line 92 Overport Drive \line Durban\line 4000\line \line \line Damelin Boksburg\line 224 Jacob Street\'2C Jansen Park\'2C Boksburg\line \line Damelin - Menlyn\line 138 Palala Road\line Menlo Park\line Menlyn\line \line Damelin Mowbray\line 12 Liesbeeck Parkway\'2C Mowbray\'2C Cape Town\line \line Damelin Port Elizabeth\line 10th Avenue\'2C Walmer\'2C Port Elizabeth\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Damelin \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is a private higher education institution registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and also has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 8 \'3F 9 May 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 30th of August 2018. \line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A \line \line 1. The programme submitted does not align with the requirements of MRTEQ \'282015\'29 in as far as the assessment of WIL \'28teaching practice\'29 is concerned. This is a key component of the programme. There is no evidence that the submitted curriculum is the same as the curriculum submitted to the DHET for the approval by the department. \line \line 2. The out-sourcing of the development of the learning materials in the programme is problematic and raises concerns regarding the ownership and intellectual rights of the learning materials.  \line \line 3. The spread of learning activities is not aligned with a contact mode of delivery in an undergraduate programme. It would appear that the delivery of the programme is skewed towards a distance mode of delivery. \line 4. No evidence has been submitted to indicate that each site where the programme will be offered has the required academic staff to offer the multiplicity of modules identified across numerous fields of subject specialisations. \line \line 5. Insufficient evidence has been submitted to indicate that the libraries per site carries the required education texts and resources needed to support the offering of the programme\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the original application\'2C the first evaluator\'3Fs report\'2C the recommendation of the HEQC not to accredit the programme and the representations made and reached the conclusion that the programme should be accredited as the concerns have been addressed.\line \line In the HEQC recommendation it was indicated that the programme did not align with requirements of MRTEQ as it offered three specialisations instead of two. In addition\'2C it was not clear how competences developed for other modules than Teaching Practice modules align with NQF level 7. There were also inconsistencies of information provided and rules of combination for specialisations for FET in Teaching of Mathematics\'2C Accounting\'2C Geography and History were not clear. In the representation it was indicated that the knowledge mix for this phase combination of the curriculum has been amended to comply with the requirements of two teaching specialisations one for Senior Phase and one for FET Phase. The evaluator reviewed the Remediated Curriculum Structure and Updated SAQA Document presented and found that these documents clearly indicate how the competencies developed are aligned to NQF Level 7. ELO mapping of the 9 ELO\'3Fs with NQF level 7 descriptors and applicable modules are indicated in the representation documentation. The documents for the specialization subjects \'28Mathematics Teaching FET\'2C Accounting Teaching FET\'2C Geography Teaching FET and History Teaching FET\'29 have been reviewed to ensure appropriate information in relation to all rules of combination for the teaching specialisations. The evaluator thus found that the Institution has met the requirements for each reason and applicable evidence was provided. The evaluator\'2C however\'2C felt that the changes made to the curriculum and the total credits for the programme that changed from 158 to 144 should be updated in all documents to avoid any confusion. \line \line The HEQC also pointed out that a generic WIL Policy had been submitted to guide all the WIL programmes across the Institution. This document did not contain clear guidelines for teacher-specific WIL. In response\'2C the Institution has developed clear guidelines for the Teaching Practice modules. Teaching Practice Handbooks \'28one for each semester\'29 to offer support and guidance to all relevant stakeholders \'28principal\'2C liaison teacher\'2C mentor teacher\'2C student teacher\'2C Institution\'3Fs teaching practice supervisor and student have been developed. The evaluator found that the Teaching Practice Policy of the Institution is applicable to all teaching qualifications and therefore generic. The two Teaching Practice Handbooks are programme specific with assessment criteria and learning outcomes clearly outlined. The concern of the HEQC has thus been addressed. \line \line The recommendation of the HEQC stated that the student admission requirements still made provision for the old National Professional Diploma in Education to provide access to the PGCE. This qualification does not have the required disciplinary content for admission. In reaction\'2C the Institution removed all reference to the old National Professional Diploma in Education under RPL requirements and has revised the admission requirements to ensure that they are clear and according to MRTEQ requirements. \line \line Another concern of the HEQC related to the mode of delivery that was not clear. Although contact was indicated\'2C it appeared that the delivery of the programme was skewed towards a distance mode of delivery. The representation made it clear that the programme has been reviewed and the learning activities table has been revised to ensure enough notional hours for lectures to clearly represent the contact mode of delivery. The evaluator stated that the dominant learning activity was 50\'25 of independent self-study of standard texts and references \'28study guides\'2C books\'2C and journal articles\'29\'2C 22\'25 lectures\'2C 20\'25 workplace experience\'2C 8\'25 tutorials. The revised learning activities reflect contact mode of delivery with 50\'25 lectures\'2C 25\'25 workplace experience\'2C 15\'25 independent self-study and 10\'25 tutorials.\line Another concern that was raised was that no evidence had been presented to indicate that each of the seven sites had the required academic staff members complement to offer the multiplicity of modules identified across numerous fields of subject specialization. In the representation\'2C the Institution admitted that there is currently a lack of the required academic staff members but that they were employing the necessary measures to address the recruitment of appropriately qualified academic staff members to ensure that sites can offer new programmes. The Institution indicated that two processes are in place to evaluate campus readiness\'3A The Campus Readiness Assessment Process to determine the human resource needs of each site for a specific programme and ensure that these needs are met. The selection process is in line with the Recruitment Policy. Secondly\'2C the Resource Allocation Process. In reviewing the documentation presented\'2C the evaluator found that the 10-stage Campus Readiness Assessment Process provides the necessary evidence that each of the seven sites will have the required academic staff members to offer the applicable modules.  \line \line Finally\'2C the HEQC in its recommendation argued that there was insufficient evidence to indicate that libraries per site carried the required education texts and resources needed to support the offering of the programme. The Institution responded indicating that upon accreditation\'2C prescribed and recommended textbooks as well as digital copies for each student will be purchased in accordance to the Resource Allocation Process and Policy and student ratio. Quotations regarding education texts and resources to support the offering of the programme apply for each site. The evaluator indicated that the library budget makes provision for the required texts\'2C and that online articles and journals are freely accessible through EbscoHost. The evaluator argued that applicable documentation was attached as evidence to support the claims made and stated that the 10-stage Resource Allocation Process is based around the annual resource allocation audit of the Institution. The library budget includes all the books and resources per module and multiplies the budget with 7 for each library. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should be accredited with conditions\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching \'28158 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 1. The changes made to the curriculum and the total number of credits for the programme that changed from 158 to 144 should be updated in all documents to avoid any confusion.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. The Institution must provide a list of academic staff members per site teaching on the programme indicating their qualifications\'2C experience and the modules that they will be teaching before enrolling any students into the programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 3. The Institution must provide evidence that the library resources indicated in the representation have been resourced for each site as indicated.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}