{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1134\'2FE002CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Western Cape Government College of Emergency Care\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Emergency Medical Care\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 240\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 240\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 2 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Premises of Tygerberg Hospital\'2C Mike Pienaar Boulevard\'2C Bellville\'2C 7531\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Western Cape Government College of Emergency Care is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes that are accredited by the CHE yet. \line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Diploma in Emergency Medical Care programme \'28H\'2FPR1134\'2FE002CAN\'29 which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at the Main Campus - Premises of Tygerberg Hospital\'2C Mike Pienaar Boulevard\'2C Bellville\'2C 7531. \line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of a Higher Certificate in Emergency Medical Care programme \'28H\'2FPR1134\'2FE001CAN\'29 programme which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery. \line \line It should be noted that the Institution is a Public College and the declaration of the Public Colleges is awaiting ministerial decree in terms of the change of status as higher education institutions.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator indicated that in terms of Criterion 1 the programme needs improvement\'2C but the narrative suggest that the programme does not meet the minimum requirements. The evaluator recommended that the programme should not be accredited. \line \line The evaluator stated that the proposed programme is aligned with the vision\'2C mission and values of the Western Cape Government College of Emergency Care \'28WCG COEC\'29\'2C and is aligned with the 2017 National Emergency Care Education and Training Policy \'28NECET\'29\'2C the National Department of Health HR Strategy 2030 Plan and the Provincial Health Agenda.  The evaluator noted that the programme forms part of the three-tier model of Emergency Care Education developed by the National Department of Health and the Professional Board for Emergency Care \'28PBEC\'29 of the Health Professions Council of South Africa \'28HPCSA\'29.  In the proposed programme\'2C graduates will be provided with the foundational knowledge\'2C skills and insights to enable further study in the field of Emergency Medical Care.  \line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme has national and international credibility and is comparable to qualifications offered in countries such as the United States of America\'2C Australia and the United Kingdom.  The programme was approved by the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s governance structure and receives sufficient financial support from the Western Cape Government Department of Health to successfully deliver the programme. \line \line According to the national requirements of the HEQSF\'2C a Professional Diploma of this nature\'2C at NQF level 6\'2C should have a total of 240 credits.  The evaluator\'2C however\'2C pointed out that the programme only has 228 credits\'2C with 108 credits at the exit NQF level 6 and therefore does not comply with the requirements of the HEQSF. Although the list of modules in the application corresponds with the modules recommended by the HPCSA\'2C the number of credits recommended for the Clinical Practice II module is 36\'2C compared to 24 credits indicated for this module in the programme.  \line \line In addition\'2C the evaluator noted that quite a few discrepancies exist between the list of modules in the application and the module descriptors provided in the student guides.  Firstly\'2C the names of two modules do not correspond \'28Clinical Practice II in the application is indicated as Work Integrated Learning II \'28Clinical Practice\'29 in the learner guide\'3B Emergency Medical Care I Practical in the application\'2C may be named Work Integrated Learning I \'28Clinical Practice\'29 in the learner guide\'29.  The evaluator also noted that some learner guides have not been included \'28e.g. Emergency Medical Care II Practical\'2C Primary Health Care\'2C High Angle I\'2C Fire Search and Rescue and Motor Vehicle Rescue\'29\'2C although these are listed by the HPCSA as recommended modules. However\'2C the learner guide for \'E2\'80\'9CBasic Medical Rescue\'E2\'80\'9D contains sections called \'E2\'80\'9CHigh Angle Rescue\'E2\'80\'9D\'2C Basic Fire Fighting\'E2\'80\'9D and \'E2\'80\'9CVehicle Extraction\'E2\'80\'9D - the number of credits for this module corresponds with the total number of credits for the three separate modules listed. Moreover\'2C for some modules\'2C the number of credits indicated in the application does not correspond with the number of credits in the learner guides. \line \line The evaluator also noted that the module Clinical Practice I is indicated in the application on NQF level 5 and contributing 24 credits\'2C while the learner guide for the module indicates NQF level 6 and 12 credits. Finally\'2C in the application WIL is indicated as not bearing any credits\'2C while Work Integrated Learning I \'28Clinical Practice\'29 and Work Integrated Learning II \'28Clinical Practice\'29\'2C respectively contributing 24 credits on NQF level 5 and 24 credits on NQF level 6. The evaluator stated that all the modules are compulsory and that there are no elective modules in the programme and students must pass all the first-year modules to be able to register for the second year.  \line \line Experiential Learning\'2C as well as Workplace-Based Learning\'2C contributes 30\'25 of learning time\'2C which is appropriate to a programme of this nature.  It is also indicated that the mode of delivery is Contact Learning\'2C with approximately 50\'25 of learning time contributed by contact sessions.  Exit level outcomes are clearly stipulated and are aligned with the purpose of the qualification\'2C as well as with the assessment criteria.  The learning outcomes in each module are clearly defined and are aligned with the assessment criteria and are aligned with the appropriate NQF level as well.  \line \line The evaluator also found that Workplace-Integrated Learning \'28WIL\'29 is well organized\'2C and will be supervised and appropriately assessed.  The WIL coordinator will be responsible for all aspects of Experiential Learning and has clearly defined roles.  Students will be supervised by qualified and experienced clinical practitioners\'2C registered with the HPCSA.  In addition\'2C academic staff members will conduct ad hoc visits to the clinics to provide additional mentoring and coaching.  The organisation of WIL is aligned with the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s Work Integrated Learning Policy as well as the requirements set by the HPCSA.  A multilateral agreement exists between the Institution\'2C the Cape Peninsula University of Technology\'2C the University of the Western Cape\'2C the University of Cape Town\'2C Stellenbosch University and the Department of Health of the Western Cape Government\'2C to ensure placement of students in accredited workplaces during WIL. \line \line The programme will offer vertical articulation to a Bachelor Degree in Emergency Medical Care at NQF level 8\'2C via Recognition of Prior Learning.  Horizontal articulation will be possible with Allied Health Sciences related programmes\'2C as well as an Advanced Certificate in Medical Rescue.  \line \line With regards to Criterion 2\'2C the evaluator stated that the programme will be marketed internally and externally. The student admission and selection procedures adhere to national legislation and are appropriate for the nature of the programme and the required degree of complexity of learning.  The planned enrolment is an annual intake of 40 students. Recognition of Prior Learning \'28RPL\'29 will be considered and is governed by the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s RPL Policy and guidelines.  \line \line The evaluator also found that an adequate number of appropriately qualified and experienced academic and support personnel are available to deliver the programme.  An appropriately qualified and experienced Programme Coordinator will be responsible to manage successful programme delivery.  The evaluator stated that the incumbent\'E2\'80\'99s roles and responsibilities are clearly defined.  In addition\'2C policies are in place to ensure continuous development of staff members. Various opportunities exist\'2C such as the American Heart Association Advanced Cardiac Life Support and Advanced Paediatric Life Support courses\'2C as well as skills training by the National School of Government.  In addition\'2C they are encouraged to attend Emergency Medicine conferences.  An adequate budget exists to fund staff development. Recruitment and appointment of academic and support personnel occur according to legislation and policies are in place to govern these appointments. In addition\'2C the evaluator noted that employment occurs according to equity requirements\'2C  and is aligned with the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s Employment Equity Plan.  \line \line An adequate number of academic staff members are available to deliver the programme.  Part-time staff members will be appointed\'2C should subject specialists be required.  The ratio of lecturers to students of 1\'3A10 to 1\'3A15 meets the HPCSA requirements and is adequate for the nature of the programme and the field of study.  During WIL\'2C a maximum of two students will be supervised by each Emergency Medical Care practitioner.  The workload distribution of academic staff members will be monitored by the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s Deputy Principal.  \line \line The evaluator found that the Teaching and Learning Strategy promotes a student-centred\'2C outcomes-based approach that encourages independent and lifelong learning.  It furthermore emphasises the role of experience and active learning\'2C as well as the principles of Behaviourism\'2C through patient simulations and objective structured clinical examinations. A variety of teaching methods are used in order to accommodate different styles of learning.  These include lectures\'2C with the use of audio-visual aids\'2C student presentations and group discussions\'2C while utilizing real-world contextual examples from paramedic practice.  Experiential learning methods include case reflections\'2C narrative reports and student case presentations.  Continuous development of staff members is ensured and supported by the Institution. \line \line The evaluator also pointed out that students are well supported by various means\'2C such as constantly updated learning materials\'2C access to libraries and computer laboratories. All first year students will attend an academic student support module\'2C which addresses aspects such as time management\'2C study methods and planning for examinations.  During WIL\'2C students are supported by means of constant supervision\'2C frequent meetings with clinical practitioners or mentors\'2C as well as contact with academic staff members during regular visits. It is also noted that measures are in place to identify at-risk and under-performing students early. Formative assessments and the learner management system will serve to monitor student progress and identify at-risk students early.  In addition\'2C the Programme Coordinator receives regular feedback from the weekly small-group support meetings.  \line \line As far as assessment is concerned\'2C the evaluator indicated that provision is made for both formative and summative assessment in this programme.  Constructive alignment of learning outcomes\'2C teaching and learning practices and assessment criteria and methods is evident in the modules in this programme.  Formative assessment opportunities include various assessment methods\'2C such as tutorials\'2C clinical skills assessments\'2C peer group evaluations and presentations.  Timely feedback is provided to students on all formative\'2C as well as summative assessments. \line \line Summative assessments include methods such as written tests and\'2For examinations\'2C VIVA VOCE examinations\'2C assignments\'2C reflective practice reports\'2C reflective practice journals\'2C simulations in structured learning environments\'2C case studies and objectively structured clinical evaluations \'28OSCEs\'29.  In addition to these assessment methods\'2C WIL will be assessed by means of case reflections\'2C a portfolio of evidence and preceptor reports as well.  Internal and external moderation of assessments occur in accordance with the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s policies. Exit level modules are externally moderated by adequately and appropriately qualified and experienced moderators\'2C in accordance with HPCSA accreditation criteria. \line \line Moderators will be appointed by the Deputy Principal or Principal for a period of two years. It is also noted that all academic staff members will be trained as assessors through programmes offered by the Provincial Training Institute and the National School of Government.  Policies and procedures are in place for record keeping\'2C adjustment of marks\'2C examination security\'2C as well as dealing with ethical issues\'2C like plagiarism. The use of MIS software for uploading and storing of students\'E2\'80\'99 marks is currently being explored by the Department of Health of the Western Cape.\line \line With regards to Criterion 7\'2C the evaluator stated that the Institution has the necessary infrastructure to successfully deliver the programme.  This includes various furnished and well-equipped classrooms with sufficient seating capacity\'2C college breakaway rooms\'2C seminar rooms\'2C as well as a counselling room and a boardroom\'2C equipped with teleconferencing- and video conferencing systems.  In order to facilitate Experiential Learning\'2C the Institution has two fully equipped practical laboratories\'2C consisting of dedicated simulation rooms and one isolated skills room.  Each laboratory is equipped with high-fidelity manikins\'2C each with Advanced Life Support simulation capability via remote control\'2C as well isolated skills trainers\'2C in addition to all the training equipment prescribed by the Professional Board for Emergency Care of the HPCSA. A fully equipped computer laboratory with fibre and Wi-Fi internet connectivity contains 40 computers.  All staff members involved in the programme has access to the necessary electronic equipment\'2C such as personal desktop and laptop computers and internet access.  IT support is provided by an appropriately trained IT support staff member.  Students and staff members have access to library facilities and resources at WCCN.  The library will acquire the necessary learning materials relevant to the programme.  The Institution adheres to Health and Occupational Safety regulations.  In addition\'2C an adequately trained OHS representative is on site.  \line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme has dedicated administrative support staff members. Security measures are in place and files are password protected and accessible only to dedicated administrative staff members\'2C the Principal and the Deputy Principal of the Institution. Assessment results are electronically captured by the Programme Coordinator into a management information system.  However\'2C the Management Information System \'28MIS\'29 is under development as a joint initiative with the WCCN and supported by the Western Cape Department of Health. Policies and procedures are in place to govern certification. \line \line Given the concerns that have been identified relating to programme design and the evaluator\'27s recommendation that the programme not be accredited\'2C. The Directorate also recommends that the programme should be not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Emergency Medical Care \'28240 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. The programme only has 228 credits\'2C with 108 credits at the exit NQF level 6 and therefore does not comply with the requirements of the HEQSF.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The credit weighting for the module Clinical Practice II does not align with the credit weighting recommended by the HPCSA. The number of credits recommended for the module is 36\'2C compared to 24 credits indicated for this module in the programme. The Institution must revisit the programme outcomes\'2C assessment criteria and content to ensure that it equates to the prescribed 36 credits. \line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. There are inconsistencies between the list of modules in the application and the module descriptors provided in the learner guides.  These include the names of modules that do not correspond \'28e.g. Clinical Practice II and Work Integrated Learning II \'28Clinical Practice\'29\'3B Emergency Medical Care I Practical and Work Integrated Learning I \'28Clinical Practice\'29 and the learner guide for Basic Medical Rescue that covers separate modules in the application. Moreover\'2C for some modules\'2C the number of credits and the NQF levels indicated in the application do not correspond with the number of credits in the learner guides\'2C for example\'2C Clinical Practice I is indicated in the application on NQF level 5 with 24 credits\'2C while the learner guide indicates NQF level 6 with 12 credits.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. The Institution has not submitted evidence of HPCSA approval and endorsement of the programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}