{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Re-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql PR057\'2F0033\'2FHEQSF\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql AAA School of Advertising\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Arts in Creative Brand Communication\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 400\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A  \'2F Part-time\'3A \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \i No sites have been selected for this application\i0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line Application background\line \line Introduction\'3A \line The AAA School of Advertising \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training \'28now known as the Department of Higher Education\'2C Science and Technology\'29 as a private higher education institution \'28PHEI\'29 and has programmes accredited with the Council on Higher Education.\line The Institution is a recent acquisition of Richfield Holdings\'2C of which the Richfield Graduate Institute of Technology \'28RGIT\'29 forms a part. The CHE is awaiting official notification of this development. According to email communication with the Director\'3A PHEIs at the DHET \'2828 March 2019\'29\'2C the Institution should undergo reaccreditation 2018 as it remains \'E2\'80\'9Ca separately registered institution\'E2\'80\'9D. The latter is confirmed in an email from the former Executive Dean and Head of Institution to the Accreditation Directorate at the CHE \'2810 July 2018\'29\'3A \'E2\'80\'9CThe AAA will remain as an independent high-end brand of Richfield Holdings\'E2\'80\'A6\'E2\'80\'9D. \line \line Registered sites and programmes\'3A\line According to the current DHET Register of PHEIs \'2822 May 2019\'29\'2C the Institution is registered to offer its programmes at the following sites of delivery\'3A\line A. Cape Town\'3A 6th Floor\'2C AAA House\'2C 112 Long Street\'2C Cape Town\'2C 8001\line B. Bryanston\'3A The Braes Office Park\'2C 3 Eaton Avenue\'2C Bryanston\'2C 2191.\line The following accredited programmes have been registered for offering at both sites of delivery\'3A\line 1. Higher Certificate in Marketing Communication \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR057\'2FE002CAN\'29\line - Accredited with conditions in 2017 \'28CHE letter\'2C 20 February 2017\'29\line - Fully accredited in 2018 \'28all conditions met\'3B CHE letter dated 26 September 2018\'29.\line 2. Higher Certificate in Visual Communications \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR057\'2FE001CAN\'29\line - Accredited with a prior to commencement condition in 2017 \'28CHE letter\'2C 20 February 2017\'29\line - Fully accredited in 2017 \'28condition met\'3B CHE letter dated 29 May 2017\'29.\line 3. Diploma in Copywriting \'28non-HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 334 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR057\'2FK001CAN or E001CAN\'29\line 4. Diploma in Marketing Communications \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 360 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR057\'2FE003CAN\'29\line - Accredited with conditions in 2017 \'28CHE letter\'2C 20 February 2017\'29\line - Three prior to commencement conditions met and two short-term conditions outstanding in 2017 \'28CHE letter\'2C 29 May 2017\'29.\line 5. Bachelor of Arts in Marketing Communication \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 400 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C PR057\'2F0031\'2FHEQSF-H\'2FPR057\'2FK004CAN\'29 \line - Category A HEQSF alignment\line 6. Bachelor of Arts in Creative Brand Communication \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 400 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C PR057\'2F0033\'2FHEQSF-H\'2FPR057\'2FK005CAN\'29\line - Category A HEQSF alignment.\line \line The current DHET Certificate issued to the Institution \'2817 May 2019\'29 also includes the following registered programme for offering at both sites of delivery\'3A\line 7. Diploma in Visual Communication \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 360 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR057\'2FE004CAN\'29\line - Initially submitted as the Diploma in Creative Communication \'28deferred application\'3B CHE letter dated 10 March 2017\'29\line - Accredited with conditions in 2017 \'28CHE letter\'2C 10 November 2017 reissued 13 November 2017\'29\'3B one prior to commencement condition met and four short-term conditions outstanding in 2018 \'28CHE letter\'2C 19 September 2018\'29\line - Fully accredited in 2019 \'28conditions met\'3B CHE letter dated 23 April 2019\'29.\line \line NOTE\'3A \line 1. The non-HEQSF aligned Diploma in Copywriting may not take new student enrolment after 2019 \'28Government Gazette\'2C Vol.613 No. 40123\'2C 6 July 2016\'29.\line 2. The following programmes were replaced by the recently accredited ones by the same\'2Fsimilar title\'3A\line - Diploma in Visual Communication \'28H\'2FPR057\'2FK002CAN\'29\line - Diploma in Marketing Communication \'28H\'2FPR057\'2FK003CAN\'29.\line \line Reaccreditation 2018\'3A\line The Institution has submitted two programmes for evaluation during the 2018 reaccreditation cycle\'2C viz.\'3A\line 1. Bachelor of Arts in Marketing Communication \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 400 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C PR057\'2F0031\'2FHEQSF-H\'2FPR057\'2FK004CAN\'29\line 2. Bachelor of Arts in Creative Brand Communication \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 400 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C PR057\'2F0033\'2FHEQSF-H\'2FPR057\'2FK005CAN\'29.\line \line The Institution previously participated in the 2013 reaccreditation process.\line \line Reaccreditation 2013 overview\'3A\line 1. Bachelor of Arts in Marketing Communication \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 400 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C PR057\'2F0031\'2FHEQSF-H\'2FPR057\'2FK004CAN\'29\line - Deferred application due to outstanding information and a site visit that had to be conducted \'28CHE letter\'2C 31 October 2013\'29\line - With regard to this programme\'2C the Institution was required to provide clarity on the following\'3A\line i. The Institution has submitted a programme design that seems to be the same as that for the Diploma in Marketing Communication. The differences between the two are insignificant to warrant the offering of both programmes.  The Institution needs to explain the relationship between the two programmes.\line ii. AAA School of Advertising is requested to provide an explanation on why lecturers are also used as external moderators\line iii. The Institution should also provide information on the resourcing of the programme in terms of the computer hardware and software.\line \line 2. Bachelor of Arts in Creative Brand Communication \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 400 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C PR057\'2F0033\'2FHEQSF-H\'2FPR057\'2FK005CAN\'29\line - Deferred application due to outstanding information and a site visit that had to be conducted \'28CHE letter\'2C 31 October 2013\'29\line - With regard to this programme\'2C the Institution was required to provide clarity on the following\'3A\line i. The Institution has submitted a programme design that seems to be the same as that for the Diploma in Visual Communication. The differences between the two are insignificant to warrant the offering of both programmes.  The Institution needs to explain the relationship between the two programmes.\line ii. Furthermore\'2C the Institution is requested to explain why the lecturers are also used as external moderators.   \line iii. The Institution is requested to provide evidence that there are sufficient resources available including computer software and hardware for all programmes.\line \line Reaccreditation 2013 outcome \'28CHE letter\'2C 20 June 2014\'29\'3A reaccredited with conditions. The following conditions were applicable.\line \line For the site of delivery situated at 1st Floor\'2C ACA House\'2C Bridge on Bond\'2C Cnr Bond Street \'26 Bram Fischer Drive\'2C Kensington B\'2C RANDBURG 2194\'3A\line Short-term\line 1. It is noted that the two Diploma programmes have been discontinued. A teach-out plan must be submitted to the DHET regarding the \'E2\'80\'9Cpipeline\'E2\'80\'9D students enrolled for the Diploma in Visual Communication and the Diploma in Marketing Communication\line Long-term\line 2. The Institution should recruit suitably qualified academics as external examiners to ensure academic rigour and educational standards\'2C as well as industrial relevance. Up to date CVs of all external examiners\'2Fmoderators must be provided.  \line \line Short-term\line 3. The Institution must provide evidence that the stability of WIFI access at the Randburg campus has improved. \line Long-term\line 4. The Institution should ensure that computer hardware and software is regularly updated. A strategy on how this will be ensured must be submitted indicating both timelines for replenishing stock and a budget that is commensurate with the requirements of such upgrading process.  \line Short-term\line 5. The Institution should ensure that students have access to electronic data bases in order to improve students\'27 access to resources. \line Long-term\line 6. The Institution should ensure equivalence between the library facilities at the two campuses in terms of library space\'2C book stock\'2C computer access and access to electronic resources.\line \line For the site of delivery situated at 4th Floor\'2C Manhattan Place\'2C 130 Bree Street\'2C Cape Town\'2C 8001\'3A\line Short-term\line 1. It is noted that the two Diploma programmes have been discontinued. A teach-out plan must be submitted to the DHET regarding the \'E2\'80\'9Cpipeline\'E2\'80\'9D students enrolled for the Diploma in Visual Communication and the Diploma in Marketing Communication.\line \line Long-term\line 2. The Institution should ensure that computer hardware and software is regularly updated. A strategy on how this will be ensured must be submitted indicating both timelines for replenishing stock and a budget that is commensurate with the requirements of such upgrading process. \line \line Short-term\line 3. The Institution should ensure equivalence between the library facilities at the two campuses in terms of library space\'2C book stock\'2C computer access and access to electronic resources.\line \line Sites\'3A\line Site visits were conducted on the following dates.\line 1. 5 \'E2\'80\'93 6 February 2014 \'28CHE letter\'2C 26 November 2013\'29\'3A\line - Reason for site visit\'3A reaccreditation \'28deferral\'29\line - Sites visited\'3A Johannesburg at 1st Floor Bond Street Centre\'2C Corner Braam Fisher and Bond Street\'2C Kensington B\'2C Randburg\'2C 2194 and Cape Town at 4th Floor\'2C Manhattan Place\'2C 130 Bree Street\'2C Cape Town\'2C 8001.\line \line 2. 26 October 2015 \'28CHE letter\'2C 6 October 2015\'29\'3A\line - Reason for site visit\'3A 2014 Application for relocation of programmes to a new site of delivery in Cape Town\line - Site visited\'3A 112 Long Street\'2C Cape Town\'2C 8001.\line \line 3. 2016 \'28CHE letters\'2C 24 November 2014 \'26 29 July 2016\'29\'3A\line - Reason for site visit\'3A Condition of a site visit linked to the relocation in Cape Town.\line - Site visited\'3A 112 Long Street\'2C Cape Town\'2C 8001.\line - The site was approved for contact mode delivery and the outstanding long-term condition of a site visit was met.\line \line In 2017\'2C the Institution submitted an application for relocation of the following programmes to a new site of delivery in Johannesburg located at The Braes Office Park\'2C 3 Eaton Avenue\'2C Bryanston\'3A\line 1. Diploma in Copywriting \'28Not HEQSF aligned\'29\line 2. Bachelor of Arts in Marketing Communication \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C H\'2FPR057\'2FK004CAN\'29 \line 3. Bachelor of Arts in Creative Brand Communication\'29 \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C H\'2FPR057\'2FK005CAN\'29.\line \line The site was approved with the following conditions \'28CHE letter\'2C 11 October 2017\'29\'3A\line Short-term\line 1. The Institution has to clarify the number of permanent staff members and the workload of the permanent staff members linked to the programme BA in Marketing Communication\'2C as it appears as if there might only be one permanent staff member in this programme with a substantial workload. \line Short-term\line 2. The Institution should clarify how it will ensure that the academic staff members linked to the programme BA in Creative Brand Communication have a qualification one level higher that the exit level of the programme as it appears as if only one lecturer has a Master\'E2\'80\'99s degree and the other three have qualifications at the same level as the programme being completed \'28Level 7\'29. \line Short-term\line 3. The Institution needs to submit the CVs of the academic staff members linked to the Diploma in Copyright.\line Short-term\line 4. The Institution needs to clarify where the programme managers\'2Fcoordinators for the three programmes are located\line Short-term\line 5. Although a Deputy Registrar is mentioned\'2C the Registrar and other administrative and academic support staff members have not been mentioned. The Institution has to provide more information on the academic support and administrative staffing complement.\line Short-term\line 6. Although the Institution made mention of a library and reading space\'2C it is not clear what the size of the library is and what the extent of the resources are that will be kept there. It is also unclear what level of connectivity is available to staff members and students and the Institution needs to clarify this.\line Short-term\line 7. The Institution should submit a floor plan to indicate the size of the venues and also indicate if a student canteen and the areas like reception\'2C administration and ablution are addressed.\line Long-term\line 8. A site visit will be conducted to verify that the facilities and resources are adequate to cope with the needs of the above programmes as expected for the delivery of quality higher education programmes.\line \line The following was added.\line \line Note to the Institution\'3A\line The Diploma in Copywriting programme \'28Not HEQSF aligned\'3B NQF level 5\'3B 334 credits\'3B contact mode\'3B HEQC reference no. to be confirmed\'29 may be offered at this site until the last date of enrolment for all non-HEQSF aligned programmes\'2C i.e. 31 December 2019 \'28as promulgated by the Minister of HET\'2C Government Gazette\'2C Vol. 613\'2C No. 40123\'2C 06 July 2016\'29.\line \line The conditions were met \'28CHE letter\'2C 19 June 2018\'29. It was stated in the letter of 19 June 2018 that \'E2\'80\'9C\'E2\'80\'A6the final approval will depend on the outcomes of the site visit as indicated in the letter of 11 October 2017 \'E2\'80\'93 ref H\'2FPR057_Bryanston\'E2\'80\'9D. \line \line In light of the fact that the institution was recently visited\'2C the CHE will undertake a site visit in due course to verify that the required minimum standards to ensure quality programme offerings are adhered to and that the site has the capacity to accommodate the range of programmes and student enrolment numbers. \'28Long-term\'2C Criterion 1-8\'29\line \line Conclusion\'3A\line As stated\'2C the Institution has submitted two programmes for evaluation during the 2018 reaccreditation cycle. The programmes have been submitted for evaluation as part of the peer review process.\line \line The evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report follows in the next section.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line Although the evaluator indicated that the programme does comply in almost all the relevant reaccreditation criteria with minimum requirements for reaccreditation\'2C serious concerns were raised about a number of critical issues\'2C even though the BA in Creative Brand Communication has been subjected to a comprehensive programme review in 2018. The evaluator also argued for a site visit to secure the necessary information and to establish its veracity.\line \line In the previous accreditation cycle\'2C the Institution received three conditions to satisfy for this programme\'2C and the evaluator reports that all three conditions were met. One\'2C a teach-out plan for two Diploma programmes that have been discontinued was submitted to the CHE and accepted\'3B the last diploma students graduated in 2017. Two\'2C the institution submitted a strategy and budget for IT to the CHE which it accepted in 2014. Since then\'2C the AAA School of Advertising was acquired by Richfield Holdings in the beginning of 2018. The institution provided evidence of substantial upgrading of IT and library infrastructure and resources. The staff and students of AAA School of Advertising have also been trained to access and optimise their use of these digital resources. Three\'2C the Institution has now ensured equivalence between the library facilities at the two campuses in terms of library space\'2C book stock\'2C computer access and access to electronic sources. The Richfield Chief librarian works closely with staff and students at AAA to ensure that they optimise their use of the resources in the library as well as the online resources that is also available to students and staff via the LMS \'28Moodle\'29. The institution has also subscribed to the \'E2\'80\'9CEmerald Emerging Markets Case Studies\'E2\'80\'9D database \'E2\'80\'93 which is a digital collection of peer-reviewed teaching case studies. All conditions have been met.\line \line After Richfield took over the AAA School of Advertising\'2C the existing BA programmes were subjected to a thorough review process \'E2\'80\'93 also in view of the re-accreditation process. Minutes and reports were provided\'2C in which every aspect of the Creative Brand Communication programme was scrutinized with systematic reporting on the procedures\'2C comments and ultimately the recommendations. In the submission\'2C a document was submitted reporting in detail on a workshop with institutional management\'2C faculty\'2C students as well as industry experts and external academics \'E2\'80\'93 considering various inputs regarding the re-curriculation of the programme. The result of this thorough and rational process was a generally coherent and well-designed programme of 360 credits \'28in contrast to the previous 400-credit programme\'29 with a reshuffling and renaming of modules and combinations. The institution claims in their submission that the substantial changes were less than 10\'25 \'28including the introduction of a Copywriting elective which was approved in the previous accredited programme but not introduced yet\'29. The new alignment of the programmes with the outcomes has been approved in all the relevant structures \'28such as the Academic Board \'E2\'80\'93 with proof of their meetings \'2F minutes provided\'29. However\'2C it appears that a programme with 160 credits on NQF level 5\'2C and only 80 credits on NQF level 6 and 120 credits on NQF level 7 may have been introduced \'E2\'80\'93 in conflict with the NQF requirement of a minimum of 120 credits on NQF level 6 for a Bachelor\'E2\'80\'99s degree.  \line The \'E2\'80\'9Cnew\'E2\'80\'9D curriculum is implemented from 2019 \'E2\'80\'93 and study guides and learning materials are updated and revised to reflect the changes \'28but no proof was provided\'29.  \line \line Despite the credit allocation of the programme \'28and it is not clear whether it has been introduced as such\'29\'2C the documented outcomes of the programme review process demonstrated the value of such a process when well executed. The new curriculum \'28for introduction in 2019\'29 is much more sensibly structured \'28if the credit allocation is corrected\'29 \'E2\'80\'93 and responsive to the evaluations that have been done. The programme has been \'E2\'80\'9Csemesterised\'E2\'80\'9D with a proper semester system of assessment \'28formative and summative\'29.\line \line A well-documented policy on RPL exists and the procedures are clearly set out. Although no evidence of such a real application demonstrating the process and procedures have been provided\'2C it is suggested in the submission that it has been applied in the past. The institution admitted in their submission that their processes of assessing applications still need to be refined. However\'2C there are some issues that need attention to ensure a full evaluation of the programme design. No full module outlines with outcomes and assessment criteria have been provided. The only information on the different modules are those of the previous modules that has been highlighted as problematic and which required intervention \'28and therefore not relevant for this evaluation\'29. In the policy document\'2C there is a distinction made between \'E2\'80\'9Ctheoretical modules\'E2\'80\'9D and \'E2\'80\'9Capplied modules\'E2\'80\'9D for which a different assessment strategy is applied. However\'2C nowhere is it indicated which module falls in which category\'2C or which assessment strategy will apply to which. It could therefore not be determined whether the programme maintains an appropriate balance of theoretical\'2C practical and experiential knowledge and skills for the nature of the programme or whether it has sufficient disciplinary content\'2C etc. Synchronisation across the two sites is not clear.\line Although accreditation criterion 1 was partially met\'2C a site visit may clarify some of the shortcomings indicated above.\line \line The institution indicated that\'2C after the ownership change to Richfield\'2C the institution now has access to digital resources such as Moodle for teaching and learning and ICAS for student administration. The focus from 2018 was to move towards much higher levels of online support. The LMS \'28Moodle\'29 would increasingly be used for integrated assessments and the institution indicated that they will put substantially large parts of the study material online for easy access by students and better control for lecturing staff. This will also facilitate easy identification of at-risk students\'2C although the small classes allow for lecturers to get to know students personally and be able to identify problem areas very quickly from interaction in class or the informal environment.\line \line In the submission\'2C both options\'2C i.e. online dependent \'28meaning that participation via the internet is a requirement\'29 as well as internet supported \'28online participation is optional and supplementary\'29 are selected.  This is confusing because they are mutually exclusive\'3A the institution can either require students to participate online\'2C and make it a condition for studying there\'2C or not. It cannot on the one hand say it is a requirement but on the other say it is optional. From an industry perspective\'2C it is important that students learn in the way they are going to work \'E2\'80\'93 which is digitally.  \line \line In the submission\'2C the institution also emphasised their close relationship with industry. The institution claims that their close contact with industry allows the students to obtain first-hand experience of what is required to \'E2\'80\'9Csucceed in the workplace\'E2\'80\'9D. The institution introduced a formalised industry aligned ISO quality management system for the programme as well as teaching and learning procedures aimed at development of QA in the organisation \'28which seems to be a more mechanistic approach to quality management\'29\'3B and provided extensive evidence of how it will be implemented for all teaching staff to be trained. It is required that all teaching staff must participate\'2C and the purpose is to enhance all teaching staff members\'E2\'80\'99 skills relating to teaching and learning. In the submission\'2C a policy relating to teaching and learning\'2C programme development and the monitoring and evaluation of teaching and learning \'28as well as evaluation of lecturing staff\'29 was submitted. \line \line The following problem areas need to be explored and verified during a site visit \'28since very little information was provided in the submission\'29\'3A In view of the absence of actual module outlines and outcomes\'2C it is not clear how theoretical and practical modules will be taught and assessed\'3B and since the qualification is offered at both sites\'2C measures for ensuring consistency and synchronization of teaching and assessment across sites is not clear. Accreditation criterion 12 was partially met.\line \line The submission did not contain proper module outlines\'2Foutcomes and assessment criteria or assessment strategies per module. It is also not clear what the programme outcomes and assessment criteria are. It was therefore difficult to assess the criteria mentioned in the CHE accreditation criteria document. No examples as evidence of actual assessment have been provided. In the submission it is not clear exactly how the assessments per module is managed on two different sites. What is not clear is whether some or all assessments are marked and assessed on each campus and each then quality assured in \'E2\'80\'9Cisolation\'E2\'80\'9D. What are the measures the institution takes to ensure equity in assessments across sites\'3F This is even more critical when it comes to \'E2\'80\'9Cpractical\'E2\'80\'9D modules which are\'2C according to the Policy Handbook\'2C externally assessed and moderated by industry experts \'28which will be local because they must physically attend presentations from the students \'E2\'80\'93 according to another section in the Policy Handbook\'29. The Head of Faculty has an overseeing role\'2C but it is not clear how this is accomplished. The structures at the institution are unclear and conflicting. In the institutional information submission \'28see the Combined Organogram which was uploaded on 2018-07-26\'29\'2C it is indicated that the \'E2\'80\'9CFaculty Head\'E2\'80\'9D is reporting to the Chief Academic Officer \'E2\'80\'93 and therefore functions across the sites. On each site a \'E2\'80\'9CFaculty Coordinator\'E2\'80\'9D represents the academic interest \'E2\'80\'93 although directly reporting to the Campus Manager. However\'2C in the \'E2\'80\'9CPolicy Handbook\'E2\'80\'9D different structures are\'2C for example\'2C mentioned in the Student Disciplinary process with reference to \'E2\'80\'9CExecutive Dean\'E2\'80\'9D and \'E2\'80\'9Crelevant Registrar\'E2\'80\'9D\'2C etc. The structures also do not seem to be campus specific but deal with the functionaries as explained above. \line The institution provided a comprehensive \'E2\'80\'9CPolicy Handbook\'E2\'80\'9D that deals with all policy issues \'E2\'80\'93 including assessment\'2C student rights and procedures for appeals\'2C etc. All regulations regarding the marking and grading of results\'2C aggregation of marks and grades\'2C progression\'2C credit allocation etc are spelled out in a single document that is transparently made available to staff and students.  \line There is a single list of external moderators with their CVs in the institutional information posted on the portal \'E2\'80\'93 labeled \'E2\'80\'9CCBC External Moderators CV.pdf\'E2\'80\'9D. Looking at the four CVs\'2C it can be assumed that the list contained the names of external moderators for the BA in Creative Brand Communication \'28CBC\'29 with no information provided on the external moderators for the BA in Marketing Communications \'E2\'80\'93 some of these examiners may not qualify as external examiners at BA programme level. No evidence of moderators\'E2\'80\'99 reports or actual scripts marked were part of the submission. It is not clear whether internal assessment moderation is done across sites \'28that is\'2C one moderation for both sites externally and internally\'29\'3B whether external moderation is across sites or per site\'2C possibly raising questions about the parity between sites \'28for the \'E2\'80\'9Cpractical modules\'E2\'80\'9D it may be per site\'29.\line \line The ICAS system allows for management of capturing of marks and maintenance of student records\'2C allowing access to records as required to relevant staff members. Accreditation criterion 13 was not met\'2C simply because no evidence has been provided to assess whether the criteria has been met or not. A possible solution may be to evaluate the evidence during a site visit. \line \line Students are informed about penalties\'2C a list of transgressions\'2C assessment rules and so on\'2C which are all contained in the \'E2\'80\'9CPolicy Handbook\'E2\'80\'9D\'2C which is accessible to all. However\'2C the institution does not have a clear policy statement on academic integrity and specifically one that deals with plagiarism. The programme meets many aspects of the minimum standards required for Criterion 14 \'E2\'80\'93 with some issues that need to be verified during a possible site visit or additional information that are provided.  \line \line The institution submitted a list of teaching staff members and their CVs\'3B however\'2C no indication was given for which programme or modules individual lecturers are responsible. Most of the lecturers are well-qualified\'2C with PhDs and Master\'27s level qualifications. However\'2C some lecturers do not meet the requirement of having at least a NQF level 8 qualification to teach in a Bachelor\'E2\'80\'99s degree. Some of the subjects are industry related and therefore require specific expertise\'2C and issue on which the HEQC \'28QC\'29 needs to decide. \line \line The institution has embarked on a formal training programme for all teaching staff \'E2\'80\'93 evidence of the training programme has been provided. There was also a three-day training seminar on curriculum development offered by the institution that was attended by 16 teaching staff members.  \line \line The programme review in 2018 exposed a gap in the student foundational training \'E2\'80\'93 which led to the introduction of a module in appropriate computer skills on NQF level 5 in preparation of the advanced skills required in design and practical campaigns later in the programme. The programme does not provide language skills development \'E2\'80\'93 but in the selection criteria a good score in language of instruction is required.\line \line The institution claims that because of the small classes and close interpersonal relationship between staff and students\'2C a formal policy and set of procedures for student support is not necessary \'E2\'80\'93 and that there are processes once a student needs assistance and can be referred to experts or additional assistance provided. Accreditation criterion 11 was met\'2C given the information provided.\line \line The institution provided a comprehensive list of an enhanced ICT infrastructure and access to digital resources that increased dramatically since being acquired by Richfield Holdings \'28evidence was provided\'29. Moodle is the LMS system used by the AAA and ICAS for administrative functions. Both teaching and administrative staff are being trained to optimise the use of the digital platforms and fully qualified librarians are appointed on both sites according to the submission.\line \line The physical facilities are adequate for the current student numbers and it is possible to extend the facilities when required \'28the Institution claims that the current facilities will be sufficient for twice the current numbers of students\'29. The Institution also provided copies of the lease agreements for both sites \'E2\'80\'93 the Cape Town site is covered until the end of 2021 and the Randburg site\'E2\'80\'99s agreement up to the end of 2019. The assumption is that those agreements would have been extended already for the foreseeable future.  \line The library infrastructure is impressive with access to numerous relevant databases for the BA in Creative Brand Communications \'E2\'80\'93 as well as hard copies of appropriate books and other material. A full list is provided in the document serving as the annexure relating to the conditions. Accreditation criterion 7 was met.\line \line The Institution monitors and reports annually on the retention and throughput rates for the programme.  The institution reports as follows\'3A \'E2\'80\'9CThe Faculty Heads who serve as primary programme co-ordinators are able to monitor retention and throughputs and this has to be reported at the AC meetings annually. As reflected in the AC minutes\'2C each lecturer also monitors academic performance and intervenes where necessary\'2C and student performance matters are escalated to the Faculty Head\'E2\'80\'9D. \line \line The throughput rates for the BA in Creative Brand Communication is good\'3A cohort throughput rates for the past three years \'28cohorts starting in 2015\'2C 2014 and 2013\'29 are 98\'25 for the latest group and up to 90\'25 for the 2013 cohort. The throughput rate is consistently lower at the Johannesburg site. The annual reports\'2C as for the DHET reporting\'2C were all submitted as evidence. The profile of students is not representative of the general population\'2C but may have to do with the high fees \'28approximately R79\'2C000 per year\'29 and relatively high admission criteria that excludes a large part of the population. Accreditation criterion 17 was met.\line \line The Head of Faculty is also the programme coordinator for this programme. The detailed task agreement for this position was submitted and from that description it is clear that the programme coordinator takes full ownership and responsibility for the programme. Regular Academic Committee \'28AC\'29 meetings are being held to coordinate teaching across the campuses \'E2\'80\'93 and evidence and examples of minutes of these meetings have been provided. In the Policy Handbook procedures and mechanisms for certification are prescribed.  The institution also embarked on a comprehensive training programme for teaching staff \'E2\'80\'93 referred to earlier. Full detail on mechanisms to synchronise teaching and learning across sites were not provided and it is not clear how equity between campuses is established. In this submission for the BA in Creative Brand Communication\'2C the institution also provided a comprehensive three-year plan \'28with a substantial budget and timelines\'29 of improvements for the Institution that will positively impact on the programmes offered.  Accreditation criterion 10 is met.\line \line The close association with industry via the Association of Communication and Advertising \'28ACA\'29 is the real strong point of the institution. The MOU \'28submitted as evidence\'29 between the ACA and Richfield \'28the new owners of the AAA School of Advertising\'29 set out the agreement relating to industry input into the curriculum and teaching of the programme as well as the agreement to expose students to the industry via their teaching inputs as well as the agreements relating to placement for the WIL component. Preparing students for employment and especially the industry focus is an important outcome of the programme. Accreditation criterion 18 is met.\line \line User surveys are regularly done \'28with examples of different types of questionnaires aimed at different student experiences that were provided\'29. No evidence of completed surveys have been provided. The policy document does indicate specific procedures and requirements of regularity\'2C etc. No evidence was provided of how the results of surveys have been used in a regular evaluation of all programme aspects. However\'2C the extensive programme review was partly based on the needs that have been recorded from different stakeholder groups such as students\'2C staff and industry. Proof has been provided for the comprehensive programme review for the BA in Creative Brand Communication. Accreditation criterion 19 is met.\line \line The WIL component \'2820 credits\'29 is an important part of the programme to ensure the employability of the programme. The MOU between the institution and the ACA specifically relates to the placing of students for the WIL in member organisations of the ACA. A full set of relevant documents regulating the relationship between the AAA and the organisation where students are being placed\'2C the mentor and the assessment of the WIL was provided. The policy and procedures are in order and a handbook case of how WIL should be organised. However\'2C one shortcoming is that the WIL assessment is based on generic outcomes \'E2\'80\'93 and generic criteria apply that do not relate to the specific outcomes of the BA in Marketing Communication or the associated assessment criteria. There is also no provision for moderation of the WIL assessment. Accreditation criterion 15 is met.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Arts in Creative Brand Communication \'28400 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Reaccredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reaccreditation Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql A site visit will be conducted to  verify  information that was not provided to  enable evaluation of some areas\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1-19\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line The Institution should clarify whether internal assessment moderation is done across sites \'28that is\'2C one moderation for both sites externally and internally\'29\'3B or whether external moderation is across sites or per site\'2C in order to ensure parity between sites if per site \'28for the \'22practical modules\'22\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 13\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line The Institution should clearly indicate whether the programme is online dependent \'28meaning that participation via the internet is a requirement\'29 or internet supported \'28online participation is optional and supplementary\'29. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 12\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line The Institution should ensure that WIL assessment is directly related to the programme aims and outcomes\'2C and that it attracts the similar assessment arrangements \'28such as moderation\'29 as the other modules. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 15\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line The Institution\'2C especially in light of its comprehensive programme review after its change in ownership\'2C should provide the module and credit breakdown per NQF\'2C showing compliance with the HEQSF. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line The respective roles of Faculty Head\'2C Chief Academic Officer\'2C Faculty Coordinator\'2C and Campus Manager should be clarified\'2C especially with regard to joint and cross-campus responsibilities\'2C and especially in relation to assessment. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 13\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}