{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR035\'2FE125CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql The Independent Institute of Education \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Logistics and Supply Chain Management\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 361\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Head Office\line ADvTECH House\line Building 3\'2C Block 7\line Inanda Greens\line 54 Wierda Road West\line Wierda Valley\line SANDTON\line 2196\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Independent Institute of Education \'28IIE\'29 is a private higher education institution that is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has programmes that are accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Diploma in Logistics and Supply Chain Management programme which will be offered in the distance mode of delivery at the Sandton\'2C Head Office. \line \line The Institution has the following programmes in the field that are accredited by the CHE\'3A \line - Higher Certificate in Logistics and Supply Chain Management \line - Bachelor of Business Administration in Logistics and Supply Chain Management \line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of the same programme to be offered in the contact mode of delivery.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator indicated that the programme in terms of Criteria 1 and 10 does not comply with the minimum requirements for accreditation\'2C while the programme in terms of the rest of the Criteria needs improvement and recommended that the programme should not be accredited. \line \line The exit level outcomes and critical cross-field outcomes\'2C which the programme aims to develop\'2C have been identified. However\'2C whether and how the competencies developed in the programme are in line with the appropriate NQF level 5 and 6 descriptors\'2C are not well explained and not clear. \line \line The qualification is in line with the minimum 360 credits required for a Diploma programme as specified by the HEQSF. This qualification consists of 24 compulsory modules with a total credit value of 361 which are offered on the following NQF levels\'3A NQF Level 5\'3A 12 modules totaling 153 credits\'3B NQF Level 6\'3A 10 modules totaling 168 credits\'3B NQF Level 7\'3A 2 modules totaling 40 credits.\line \line There are two Work-Integrated Learning \'28WIL\'29 modules with a credit value of 20 for each - one on NQF level 5 and the other one on NQF level 6. Both modules will be offered as simulations and no work placement is needed. They will require students to analyse a given relatively complex\'2C real world supply chain and logistics case as developed by an industry professional. This analysis will require students to draw on\'2C integrate and apply their knowledge from different modules to the supply chain process. The WIL modules are assessed primarily through a portfolio of evidence \'28PoE\'29 with a 60\'25 weighting. The compilation of the online PoE consists of various simulated learning activities or tasks that build towards a final overall submission. It will be assessed on a continuous basis by the Online Tutor who will be giving students feedback about their progress throughout. \'22Students will be grouped into virtual project teams\'22 in \'22a simulated work group setting\'22\'3B and \'22group decision-making\'22 as mentioned in the submission. The WIL module \'22requires and includes feedback for individual contributions\'22 in the group setting. It is not clear how the \'22mapped logistics and supply chain simulated scenario will be presented to a panel to reflect on the learning and evaluate oneself and the peers\'22. As the proposed programme is not a professional degree\'2C it was not necessary to apply to any professional body. \line \line The Diploma will articulate vertically with a cognate Bachelor\'E2\'80\'99s Degree at the IIE\'2C or public South African universities or other accredited South African providers. It can also articulate vertically to an Advanced Diploma which is on NQF level 7.\line \line Marketing strategies for the programme include web and social media campaigns\'2C conventional media advertisements and the distribution of brochures and information sheets. Advertisements will be placed in local and regional publications and information will be provided in marketing brochures and on the website. A separate recruitment campaign will focus on schools and associated exhibitions and media that reach these students. \line \line Some contact sessions\'2C including student support sessions and masterclasses\'2C may be held at specific designated centres and\'2For utilising online video conferences. Applicants will also be told that internet access is required for successful completion as support and academic guidance is provided online and additional learning material\'2C including summaries of contact sessions \'28where applicable\'29 and videos of these sessions\'2C will be available on IIELearn and through the student portal.  \line \line As far as the student admission requirements are concerned\'2C the different pathways for entry to the programme have been clearly explained. Student admission is governed by the institution\'27s non-discretionary Student Admissions Policy which\'2C in line with the principles of the Constitution and all relevant current national legislation\'2C ensures no discriminatory practice. \line \line The Enrolment Plan has been envisaged as 50 students initially with the number increasing to 70 in 2022. Provision will be made\'2C where possible\'2C for flexible entry routes\'2C which includes RPL with regards to general Student admission requirements\'2C as well as additional requirements for the programme\'2C where applicable. The student admission of students through an RPL route does not constitute more than 10 percent of the student intake for any IIE programme. The RPL procedure is governed by IIE\'27s Credit Accumulation and Transfer\'2C Recognition of Prior Learning and Qualification Completion Policy.\line \line There is one Programme Coordinator for the programme and his\'2Fher name and qualifications\'2C together with his\'2Fher role and key responsibilities\'2C are clearly indicated. However\'2C the names of 109 lecturers who will teach on the programme\'2C together with their qualifications\'2C have been provided. This seems to be a mistake in the submission\'2C as it does not seem possible for so many lecturers to be involved in one programme offered in the distance mode.\line \line Staff members of The IIE can access financial study assistance and study leave for postgraduate studies and research. However\'2C this condition of service does not apply to part-time staff members who might study at a tertiary institution outside the IIE brands. Workload allocation for full-time and part-time staff members includes ensuring balance for the following\'3A \line \line The teaching and learning development of Online Tutors is managed by the brand\'27s distance team. All Online Tutors complete an internal Short Learning Programme \'28SLP\'29 titled\'3A Becoming a successful Online Tutor. Online Tutors are also encouraged to keep a reflective journal to aid in programme review cycles. The Online Tutor \'28OT\'29 will be responsible for guiding the students through the module on the IIELearn platform. Each Online Tutor is peer reviewed at least once annually and the outcomes are included in a development plan. \line \line The recruitment and employment of staff members follows the relevant current national legislation and appropriate administrative procedures\'2C including redress and equity considerations. Various support staff members functions that are available to all students on the programme and delivered by qualified staff\'2C are mentioned. \line \line The Programme Success Tutor \'28PST\'29 is responsible for student-wellness across their programme of study. The role primarily focusses on student support and ensuring that the student remains engaged and is retained and includes emotional support. A dedicated team of staff form the student hub. Staff of IIE\'27s Central Academic Team \'28CAT\'29 manages a web-based student hub for handling all queries and applications related to the administration of all policies and requests for concessions in terms of the policies. \line \line As this qualification is presented in the distance mode\'2C The IIELearn team are integral to the design of this qualification. The team comprised of instructional designers\'2C content developers and trainers and are based at The IIE Central Academic Team office and ensure that the relevant learning management resources are available and effectively used to support the delivery of the programme. A group of IT specialists manages the national network infrastructure and coordinates the activities\'2C policies and requirements to be upheld in the different regions.\line \line To ensure administrative and support staff members are sufficient for the programme\'2C each brand has a distance management team. This includes the Distance Operations Manager and the Teaching and Learning Distance Manager who plan and monitor enrolment to ensure that the number of Online Tutors\'2C Programme Success Tutors and Academic Operations staff members meet the ratios required in the Student services\'2C academic development and lecturing resource allocation Policy. For the Diploma in Logistics and Supply Chain Management\'2C this process will take place as soon as accreditation is received. High level enrolment planning has already taken place\'2C but staff are not employed immediately. \line \line Each module is presented on IIELearn in a structured manner making use of the constructivist learning theory. Students are thus able to self-pace and engage with sections iteratively if they need to and tutors can monitor engagement and progress. The team developing the material is made up of the module coordinator\'2C a subject matter expert that will do the writing\'2C and the instructional designer. The Programme Success Tutors as well as the Programme Coordinators can monitor progress of students and intervene as may be required. \line \line The teaching and learning approach is different from that used for contact students\'2C as distance students must work more independently and mediate more of their own learning. The learning material on the IIELearn is available through both a smartphone and desktop application offline. \line \line The allocation of engagement time in the distance mode is determined by the credit value of the module and its NQF level. The \'22contact\'22 time is largely delivered online - where tutors engage with students individually and as groups and in response to student participation in activities on the system. These include blog posts\'2C provocative questions with discussion forums\'2C buzz groups\'2C or peer-evaluated examples online. \line \line It is stated in the submission that distance and contact-registered students complete the same assessments except in low credit value modules where the distance students may do fewer formative assessments because of the time pressure. The contribution of summative and formative assessments to the overall marks are the same as the students graduate with the same qualification. The assessments will include assignments\'2C examinations and Portfolios of Evidence \'28PoE\'27s\'29. However\'2C it is not clear which modules\'2C except the two WIL modules\'2C are also assessed by means of PoE\'27s.\line \line As far as academic support programmes or assistance provided to students on the programme are concerned\'2C there are general support programmes and assistance available. The Distance Manager for each brand is responsible for monitoring the performance of the distance students in that brand as a whole\'2C and for intervening where necessary. Two standardised questionnaires \'28one for OTs and one for modules\'29 are completed by all students and are used to evaluate programmes for the purposes of improvement. The results of these questionnaires are reviewed by the faculties responsible for curriculum development and discussed with OTs by the Distance Manager.  There are processes in place to identify and support inactive and\'2For under-performing students. \line \line Internal and external moderation is used to ensure consistency and to adhere to benchmark requirements. \'22The same external moderator is used for students on all sites\'2C at all brands\'2C in all modes\'2C per module\'22. An appeal alleging an unfair assessment process can be lodged on the Student Hub within five working days of that assessment being undertaken. The result of the appeal will be given to the student within five working days and could include the assessment being conducted afresh for the whole group\'2C for the student alone\'2C or the appeal being overturned resulting in the marking and release of the assessment result in the normal course of events. Students may also apply for a re-mark on the Student Hub within 20 working days of the result being released or within five working days of having viewed the paper. However\'2C it is not clear why a student can gain access to his\'2F her final examination paper\'2C but not the memorandum for 20 working days after the release of the results. This needs to be explained.\line \line There are sufficient library resources both on- and offline for this programme. A set number of prescribed and recommended textbook copies is available per site in the library. These are in addition to online sources that support learning. The IIE has a digital library strategy\'2C subscribes to many full-text online journals\'2C and has an extensive electronic textbook holding. The Library Website provides students with access to the online public access catalogue OPAC and the digital library\'2C eShelf. Here students and registered library users have access to over 900 000 peer reviewed articles\'2C journals\'2C videos\'2C images\'2C eBooks and print copies. Titles not available in the library collections can be obtained via interlibrary loans. Students who are registered on a distance basis can access the catalogue remotely to have hard copy material sent to them from the nearest site and are able to access all online resources. The website also provides tutorials and guides to support academic literacies and assignment writing.\line \line The IIE has a sophisticated national computer network\'2C connecting site servers and making use of hosted servers to guarantee uptime\'2C redundancy\'2C reliability\'2C backup\'2C and resource demand management. The Institution uses a centrally hosted web-based solution called SAM \'28System for Academic Management\'29. SAM is a custom\'2C centralised database structure with a web-based front-end\'2C and was developed by the ADvTECH group.  The Institution uses an extensive intranet infrastructure to host and manage educational material such as manuals and assessments. Security is a huge priority and Microsoft SharePoint is used as the solution to manage document flows securely\'2C incorporating authentication from the Windows Active Directory servers across this platform. \line \line There is adequate support for students - both academically as well as for the more personal\'2F social challenges that come with distance learning. Support is both individual\'2C collective and structured according to the learning needs of each group of students at that particular point in their learning process.\line \line The evaluator recommends that the programme not be accredited\'2C however\'2C the Directorate does not support this recommendation.  It turns out that the structure of The IIE and its operations\'2C and to some extent the national regulatory HE environment\'2C were not so well understood by the evaluator\'2C and the programme can in fact be recommended for accreditation. Nevertheless\'2C to ensure that no unforeseen concerns are left unattended\'2C three recommendations can be formulated for the Institution to take note.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Logistics and Supply Chain Management \'28361 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b \'C2\'A0\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql RECOMMENDATION\'3A\line - The Institution should ensure that the delivery and assessment of the two WIL modules\'2C with its simulations\'2C clearly demonstrate how learning takes places\'2C and the skills are developed as claimed.\line - The IIE should ensure that differentiated assessment between distance and contact education students do not adversely affect the reliability and fairness of either group\'27s assessment.\line - The IIE should ensure that none of the academic staff members or lecturers connected to the Institution in any way whatsoever\'2C act as external examiners within the IIE group.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}