{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1142\'2FE006CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Pearson Institute of Higher Education\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Commerce\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Midrand Campus\line 44 Alsatian Road\line Glen Austin\'2C Extension 3\line Midrand 1685\line \line Bloemfontein Campus \line 1st Floor Tourist Centre 60 Park Rd. Willows Bloemfontein 9301\line \line Bedfordview Campus\line 9 Concorde Road East Bedfordview\line \line Cape Town Campus\line 11 Imam Haron \'28old Landsdowne\'29 Rd Brookside Building Claremont Cape Town\line \line Durban Campus \line 1 Lunar Row Umhlanga Ridge New Town Centre Umhlanga Durban\line \line Durbanville Campus \line Kaapzicht 9 Roger Street TYGERVALLEY 7530\line \line East London Campus \line 12 Stewart Drive Berea East London 5241\line \line Nelspruit Campus\line 50 Murray Street Nelspruit 1200\line \line Port Elizabeth Campus\line Building 4 Ascot Office Park Cnr. Ascot \'26 Conyngham Roads GREENACRES\'2C 6065\line \line Potchefstroom Campus\line 12 Esselen Street Cnr. Esselen Street \'26 Steve Biko Ave Die Bult POTCHEFSTROOM\'2C 2531\line \line Pretoria Campus \line Menlyn Learning Hub\'2C 22 Umgazi Street\'2C Ashlea Gardens\'2C Pretoria\'2C 0081\line \line Vanderbijlpark Campus\line Cnr. Rutherford Boulevard and Frikkie Meyer Boulevard Building 2 VANDERBIJLPARK\'2C 1911\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Pearson Institute of Higher Education is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE yet. The Pearson Institute of Higher Education is an amalgamation of the Midrand College Institute \'28MGI\'29 and the CTI Education group.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for accreditation of a Higher Certificate in Commerce \'28H\'2FPR1142\'2FE006CAN\'29 which will be offered in a contact mode of delivery at the following below campuses\'3A\line \line Midrand Campus - Midrand \line Bloemfontein Campus - Bloemfontein \line Bedfordview Campus - Bedfordview \line Cape Town Campus - Claremont \line Durban Campus - Durban \line Durbanville Campus - Durbanville Cape Town \line East London Campus - East London \line Nelspruit Campus - Nelspruit \line Port Elizabeth Campus - Port Elizabeth \line Potchefstroom Campus - Potchefstroom \line Pretoria Campus - Pretoria \line Vanderbijlpark Campus - Vanderbijlpark campuses. \line \line The institution has also applied for the accreditation of the following Higher Certificates programmes to be offered in contact mode of delivery which are still in process\'3A\line \line - Higher Certificate in Art \'26 Design \'28H\'2FPR1142\'2FE007CAN\'29\line - Higher Certificate in Computing \'28H\'2FPR1142\'2FE005CAN\'29\line - Higher Certificate in Office Administration \'28H\'2FPR1142\'2FE004CAN\'29\line - Higher Certificate In Creative Media Production \'28H\'2FPR1142\'2FE003CAN\'29\line - Higher Certificate in Sport and Exercise Science \'28H\'2FPR1142\'2FE002CAN\'29\line - Higher Certificate In Bioscience \'28H\'2FPR1142\'2FE001CAN\'29\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator finds that the programme in terms of Criterion 1 meets the minimum standards\'2C while in terms of Criteria 2\'2C 4\'2C and 8 need improvement\'2C and regarding Criteria 3\'2C 5\'2C 6\'2C and 7 do not comply.  Barring for the information on the curriculum\'2C the evaluator is of the view that the programme should not be accredited.  The evaluator concludes that the application needs to be reviewed and re-submitted\'2C  be properly edited and not be a cut-and-paste exercise. The situation at each site of delivery needs to be outlined.\line \line The purpose of the programme has been mentioned in the application and is designed to provide students with fundamental knowledge and skills in problem-solving and decision-making. The information on the outline of the modules\'2C which constitute the programme\'2C the NQF levels\'2C the credits per module\'2C is clear and is in line with the minimum total of 120 credits required for a Higher Certificate programme. The programme consists of six compulsory NQF Level 5 modules\'2C each with a credit value of 15 credits\'2C adding up to 90 credits. For the remaining 30 credits\'2C students select two from four optional NQF Level 5 modules\'2C each with a credit value of 15. \line \line In terms of articulation\'2C graduates may articulate vertically into a cognate Advanced Certificate or Bachelor\'E2\'80\'99s degree and horizontally into another Certificate at NQF Level 5. \line \line It is not clear how the Institution decides whether a programme should be offered at a particular site of delivery. Marketing the programme is undertaken by the Student Affairs Unit\'2C student advisors\'2C school visits\'2C career evenings and expos\'2C and Open Days. A prospectus is published annually. Admission requirements are clear and require an NSC or NC \'28V\'29 or equivalent. Enrollments will be limited to 200 students in the first year of offering\'2C but it\'E2\'80\'99s not clear if this is per site\'2C or across all sites. The affordability\'2C accessibility and flexibility and RPL access will enable access. RPL is in place and applications are reviewed by the RPL Committee.  \line \line Only the full-time academic staff teaching on the programme at the Midrand site has been indicated. Recruitment for the other 11 sites of delivery is needed. A programme coordinator has been identified\'2C and will apparently be responsible for the 12 sites of delivery. The Institution encourages lecturers to attend workshops and conferences\'2C which are funded by the Institution. Funding for further study is also provided. The workload model is unclear and requires editing. It is not clear how staff across the sites of delivery contribute to learning content.\line \line \line The recruitment and conditions of employment of all employees are regulated by the legislation. Technical support staff members provide support and administrative staff assist with enquiries. Lecturer and module evaluations elicit student feedback on academic-related services. The SRC has regular feedback sessions with Management.\line \line The information in respect of the teaching and learning strategy does not meet the minimum standards. The submission is incomplete and unedited\'2C lacking clear explanations. Teaching methods are not clearly explained and some information appears outdated. Reference to a pre-degree programme appears out of place. \line \line Mention is made of various mechanisms to monitor student progress\'2C evaluate programme impact and effect improvement but it is not clear how this is done in practice. Lecturers identify underperforming students and give academic advice. The Learner Management System integrates early diagnosis of at-risk students and high-risk modules by automatically producing and disseminating statistics to individuals in the institution.\line \line The response to criterion 6 is also poor. Assessment is unclear and not appropriate to HE. First\'2C one cannot allocate marks for a student\'E2\'80\'99s character and attitude\'2C as indicated in the submission. Standardised semester tests and an assignment contribute approximately 40\'25 to the final mark\'2C and summative assessment contributes approximately 60\'25. It is not clear why these are approximates and why only in certain modules. The evaluator is concerned that revision workshops are \'E2\'80\'98spoon feeding\'E2\'80\'99 students.\line \line The Institution publishes the rules of assessment for students and stakeholders in module outlines. It is not clear how both internal and external moderation for continuous evaluation is applied\'2C and whether the assignment questions in the course outline are changed for each intake. The Policy for Staff Recruitment\'2C Selection\'2C Development and the Employee Handbook provide for staff development and training.\line \line The Learning Management System issues alerts to examiner requesting marks to be entered. The system generates statistics for the assessment which are emailed to the lecturer and Dean. Automated emails of results are sent to students who may dispute their marks. Processes are in place to manage plagiarism.\line \line The section on facilities and resources is incomplete\'2C unedited and cut-and-paste. For 3 of the 12 sites of delivery\'2C the same venues are supplied\'3B in the case of the other 9 sites of delivery\'2C no facilities are indicated. Computers are indicated for some sites only. Reference is made to an \'E2\'80\'98anticipated BA Law degree\'E2\'80\'99. More information is required on the agreement with UNISA regarding library resources. There is a full-time librarian\'2C two library assistants and a computer specialist responsible for the management and maintenance of the library. It is not clear whether each site has a library. All students complete a week orientation\'2C including to the computer system. During induction\'2C students are taught MS Word\'2C Excel and how to use the internet. \line \line The administration section too makes reference to the Faculty of Law and is silent on whether it applies to the 12 sites of delivery. A learning management system is in use for all students on all campuses. Student information is captured and managed\'2C and there is a wide variety of reports available. In-depth analysis on academic performance and is conducted and reports are discussed at Academic Board and Senate meetings. Security measures are in place for all IT-related processes. It is not clear how many administrative staff members are available per site of delivery and lecturers are responsible for the administration of test and assignment marks. Exam security measures are in place. It is not indicated whether examination papers are set only at the Midrand site or whether staff on other sites contribute to examinations. Security measures are in place for certification. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Commerce \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. The Institution has not demonstrated that it has the capacity pertaining to staffing across all proposed sites of delivery. There is also a lack of clarity on the academic roles and responsibilities at the various sites.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3\'2C 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The Institution has not explained how the teaching and learning strategy will meet the needs of this programme across all sites of delivery\'2C as the submission makes reference to a BA Law\'2C and related issues.  \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. The Institution has not explained how assessment on the programme will be managed and appropriate to the outcomes of the programme. As the assessment of attitude\'2C for example\'2C is not relevant to this programme\'2C nor appropriate to HE.  \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. The submissions of information relating to facilities across the 12 sites of delivery is inadequate and does not permit for an effective analysis of their suitability\'2C per site\'2C as required. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. The Institution has not clarified the arrangements for the administration of the programme\'2C including staffing arrangements\'2C across the 12 campuses.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}