{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1144\'2FE001CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql North West College of Nursing \'3A Mafikeng Campus\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql DIPLOMA IN NURSING \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus Mafikeng \line Dr Albert Luthuli Drive\line Unit 2\line Mmabatho\line 2735\line \line Klerksdorp Campus\line Arch Bishop Desmond Tutu street\line Klerksdorp\line 2570\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The North West College of Nursing\'3A Mafikeng Campus is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE yet.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for accreditation of a Diploma in nursing which will be offered in a contact mode of delivery at Main Campus Mafikeng and Klerksdorp Campus.\line \line This is the first application from the Institution.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The Northwest College of Nursing has not been registered with the DHET\'2C and this is the first application for accreditation of a programme by the CHE. The Institution is currently applying for accreditation of a Diploma in nursing which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at Main Campus Mafikeng and Klerksdorp Campus. This is the institution\'3Fs first application for programme accreditation by the CHE. \line \line The Diploma in Nursing aims develop clinically focused\'2C service oriented\'2C independent Registered General Nurses\'2C who are able to render nursing care as determined by the appropriate legislative framework. Graduates will be competent\'2C safety conscious\'2C responsible\'2C accountable\'2C compassionate and self-directed nursing practitioners who is able to function in a variety of health care settings within the context of Primary Health Care.\line \line The evaluator questions the Public\'2FPrivate status of the College. In the Institutional Profile the Northwest College of Nursing is indicated as Public but in the application for accreditation it seems to be Private. The Directorate notes that the Institutional Profile does not indicate that this is a Public Higher Education Institution\'2C but a Public Nursing College. The Northwest College of Nursing is a Private Higher Education Provider.\line \line The Diploma in Nursing is a 360-credit Diploma that will be offered over three years of full-time study. The evaluator indicated that the modules are congruent and intellectually credible. The modules are developed at NQF level 5 and 6. The evaluator questions that credits per year of study\'2C i.e. 128 credits in the first year\'2C 120 credits in the second year and 112 credits in the final year. According to the HEQSF\'2C a Diploma should cover 120 credits per year of study for full-time students. The Dip \'28Nursing\'29 does not meet minimum requirements in terms of the HEQSF \'28Qualifications\'2C volumes of learning and credits\'29.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the institution did not provide sufficient evidence to indicate how the competences developed in this programme are aligned to NQF Level 8 \'28cf. Section 1.8\'29.  The institution should refer to the purpose and exit level learning outcomes of the Dip \'28Nursing\'29\'2C and relate these to the SAQA NQF Level 6 descriptor to indicate how the programme will develop competences that are in line with a Diploma at NQF Level 6.\line \line According to Section 1.9\'2C no application has been made to SANC for provisional approval. However\'2C a document of the SANC dated 4 March 2019 has been provided\'2C confirming provisional endorsement. Note that this is a professional programme and that endorsement from a professional council is required.\line \line The evaluator indicates that the information on WIL seems unclear. Section 1.10 of the application indicates that 197 credits will be attained via WIL. This is almost 55\'25 of the learning time in the programme. However\'2C section 1.5 assigns 30\'25 of learning time to WIL. It appears as though WIL learning time is allocated arbitrarily\'2C not based on hours and thus credits. More information on WIL\'2C placements and the assessment of WIL is required.\line \line In terms of articulation\'2C the evaluator noted that articulation opportunities do not align with those outlined in the SAQA application. The Directorate notes the concern\'2C but confirms that the articulation-options explained in section 1.3 is relevant and meets minimum requirements.\line \line The admission criteria have been provided but are unclear and not concise. It seems to be commensurate with the programme\'3Fs academic requirements. The College provide for admission via RPL\'2C but the Dip \'28Nursing\'29 is not specifically mentioned in the institutional policy.\line \line The evaluator indicated that it is very difficult to evaluate the staffing for the Dip \'28Nursing\'29\'2C as the information provided seem inadequate. The application indicates that 28 full time educators are involved in the programme at the Mafikeng Campus\'2C and 28 full time academic staff members at the Klerksdorp campus. According to the application\'2C all have at least one qualification higher than a diploma and all the staff seem to have a qualification specializing in Nursing Education. A document \'28Curriculum vitae of Academic Staff\'29 has been uploaded. The document contains a list of 20 staff members with a summary of their qualifications. There is no indication of the campus where they work. No CVs of the educators have been uploaded. It is not possible to determine the nursing education qualification status or the assessor and moderator status of the educators. Two programme coordinators have been appointed \'28one for each campus\'29 and the relevant roles and responsibilities are clearly outlined. For both campuses\'2C the number of educators is sufficient for a three-year diploma programme with both theoretical and clinical components. However\'2C the evaluator questions the financial viability of the programme\'2C as there will be 56 academic staff members for 100 students\'2C excluding coordinators and management. In terms of support staff and management\'2C the information provided seems insufficient. According to the application\'2C the current organogram is being re-organized to ensure that relevant posts are created to meet the needs of the institution. Motivations will be sent to the DoH to recruit appropriate administrative and support staff. The evaluator indicated that \'3Fss the application currently stands\'2C the college lacks sufficient support staff\'3F. \line \line The evaluator indicated that a Teaching and Learning Strategy document was uploaded. It is not a policy but a narrative document. The document contains very little teaching and learning related content and is not sufficient for a higher education institution. No Policy on Teaching and Learning was provided. Several teaching methods were listed in the application. These include lectures\'2C case presentations\'2C group discussions\'2C assignments\'2C simulation\'2C seminars and a portfolio. Clinical teaching and learning is not mentioned in the application. Simulation is listed as a teaching method in Criterion 5\'2C but WIL placements is not mentioned\'2C although WIL makes a large component of the programme. There is no evidence of how the college will manage clinical simulation and WIL for such a large group. There is no statement of how many or what type of placements are available in the context of 50 students per annum increasing to 100 in three years. Evidence \'285 SLAs\'29 related to the Excelsius College has been uploaded. There is no evidence that the placements refer to the Reg 171 for the Diploma in Nursing \'28SANC\'29\'2C and as the agreements pre-date the merger\'2C there is no evidence that the requirements of the diploma on a higher education level has been considered.\line \line Academic support is described as it will be in the future and no Policy or institutional procedures that guides student support were available. The principles of academic support on a higher education level is required. There is no reference to a department or division in the College dedicated to student support. According to Section 5.5\'2C the programme will be offered at two campuses but there is no information in terms of how the quality of teaching and learning is maintained. A Specialized equipment document has been uploaded. The list was to be bought in the 2017\'2F18 book year. The list contains 24 items not sufficient for a three year higher education diploma programme. \line \line The evaluator notes that an Assessment Policy has been uploaded. The policy only covers entry to a theoretical examination\'2C the combination of marks and supplementary assessments. The policy does not fulfil the requirements of higher education. External moderation is described but there is no procedure or criteria to appoint an external assessor. According to the Academic Rules and Regulations\'2C the North West University is responsible for external moderation. The regulations\'2C however\'2C are dated 2015 and pertains to the legacy qualifications. An updated policy fulfilling the requirements of Reg 171 from SANC must be provided.\line \line In terms of infrastructure and resources at the Mafikeng campus\'2C the college is in the process of revitalization and a college infrastructure plan has been uploaded. The question is when the infrastructure will be available\'2C as this is not mentioned in the application. A skills laboratory is described with 10 beds and 6 low fidelity manikins.  The special equipment reported is not sufficient for a diploma in nursing for 50 new enrolments per annum. A document Specialized Equipment was uploaded. It indicates a list of equipment that would have been bought in 2017\'2F2018 book year. There is no evidence that the equipment has been bought. However\'2C it is insufficient for a diploma on a higher education level. The library resources have not been provided. According to the application\'2C the college uses a temporary library that can accommodate 10 students. More information on library resources is required. The Klerksdorp campus cannot be evaluated\'2C according to the application\'2C work is in progress due to the revitalization process.\line \line According to the application\'2C the college currently does not have a Student Management System due to the revitalization process. The college is in process to acquire one but there is no evidence to support the claim. No security features have been described and no administrative services to support the academic programme have been described. \line \line The evaluator noted that the staff involved in the Diploma in Nursing appears to have a lack in information regarding the current legislative framework they are required to comply with. The policy framework is almost non-existent and where policy has been written\'2C it is not on a higher education level. There are several major concerns with the application\'2C and it seems as if the college has not considered the requirements of the Diploma in Nursing \'28SANC Regulation 171\'29. It appears as though the usual practice of the \'3Flegacy qualifications\'3F is proposed for the Reg 171 Diploma in Nursing. \line \line The Directorate reviewed the application and supports the evaluator\'3Fs decision\'2C that the programme is not accredited for the reasons listed below\'3A\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i DIPLOMA IN NURSING  \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. The Diploma in Nursing does not meet the minimum requirements for a 360-credit diploma outlined in the HEQSF. According to the HEQSF\'2C a Diploma should cover 120 credits per year of study for full-time students. The curriculum for the Dip \'28Nursing\'29 only has 112 credits in the final year of study.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 10. Academic students support and institutional mechanisms for student monitoring is insufficient.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 11. Evidence \'285 SLAs\'29 related to the Excelsius College has been uploaded. There is no evidence that the placements refer to the Reg 171 for the Diploma in Nursing \'28SANC\'29\'2C and as the agreements pre-date the merger\'2C there is no evidence that the requirements of the diploma on a higher education level has been considered.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 12. According to the application\'2C the college currently does not have a Student Management System due to the revitalization process. The college is in process to acquire one but there is no evidence to support the claim. No security features have been described and no administrative services to support the academic programme have been described. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The application did not provide sufficient evidence to indicate how the competences developed in this programme are aligned to NQF Level 8 \'28cf. Section 1.8\'29.  The institution should refer to the purpose and exit level learning outcomes of the Dip \'28Nursing\'29\'2C and relate these to the SAQA NQF Level 6 descriptor to indicate how the programme will develop competences that are in line with a Diploma at NQF Level 6.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. According to Section 1.9\'2C no application has been made to SANC for provisional approval\'2C although a document of the SANC dated 4 March 2019 has been provided\'2C confirming provisional endorsement. Note that this is a professional programme and that endorsement from a professional council is required.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. The information on WIL seems unclear. Section 1.10 of the application indicates that 197 credits will be attained via WIL. This is almost 55\'25 of the learning time in the programme. However\'2C section 1.5 assigns 30\'25 of learning time to WIL. It appears as though WIL learning time is allocated arbitrarily\'2C not based on hours and thus credits. More information on WIL\'2C placements and the assessment of WIL is required.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. For both campuses\'2C the number of educators seems sufficient for a three year diploma programme with both theoretical and clinical components. But it is not clear how the college can be financially viable with 56 teaching staff for 150 \'3F 200 students\'28over three years\'29 excluding coordinators and management. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 6. According to the application\'2C the current organogram is being re-organized to ensure that relevant posts are created to meet the needs of the institution. Motivations will be sent to the DoH to recruit appropriate administrative and support staff. The application does not include adequate information to confirm the support staff and management of the programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 7. No budget for staff development has been uploaded. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 8. No workplace skills or workplace model has been uploaded. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 9. The institutional teaching\'2C learning\'2C assessment and moderation  policies is not sufficient for a higher education institution.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 5 \'26 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}