{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR368\'2FE021CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql The International Hotel School\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Gaming Operations\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 4 Kikuyu Road\line Sunninghill\line Sandton\line 2191\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The International Hotel School is a private higher education institution registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and also has programmes that are accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is applying for the accreditation of a Higher Certificate in Gaming Operations programme to be offered from the main campus in the distance mode of delivery. \line \line The International Hotel School has also applied for the accreditation of the following programmes which are still in process\'3A \line - Higher Certificate in Gaming Operations H\'2FPR368\'2FE020CAN \'28Contact mode of delivery\'29 \line - Bachelor of Business Administration in Hospitality and Gaming Management H\'2FPR368\'2FE016CAN \'28Distance mode of delivery\'29 \line - Bachelor of Business Administration in Hospitality and Gaming Management H\'2FPR368\'2FE016CAN \'28Contact mode of delivery\'29 \line - Diploma in Hospitality Operations Management H\'2FPR368\'2FE009CAN \'28Distance mode of delivery\'29 \line - Bachelor of Business Administration in Hospitality Operations Management H\'2FPR368\'2FE018CAN \'28Distance mode of delivery\'29 \line \line During the HEQSF-alignment process\'2C the Institution submitted a Diploma in Hospitality Management \'28Contact\'2C Level 6\'2C minimum 419 Credits\'29 which was designated as a Category A programme.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator found that the programme in terms of all the criteria to be considered for accreditation comply with the minimum requirements for accreditation and recommended that the programme be accredited.\line \line The programme is designed coherently and articulates well with existing programmes to serve as an entry point for Diploma and degree programmes in the field of Gaming and\'2For Hospitality. Industry experts were consulted on the programme design. The design of the programme maintains an appropriate balance of theoretical\'2C practical and experiential knowledge and skills. The learning outcomes\'2C the degree of curriculum choice\'2C the teaching and learning methods are suitable for the type of programme. The learning activities with the percentage of time spent on these activities is found to be appropriate. The resource list is adequate for the programme.\line \line The number of credits is not the same in section 1.4 and 1.7 of the application. .  In the provision of the names\'2C modules\'2C NQF level and credits per module\'2C the total number of credits are 116. The total number of credits is correct in Section 1.7 where the rules of combination for the constituent modules are presented. The number of credits for the module Table Gaming Operations should be 16 credits and not 12 as indicated in Section 1.4. This has been added as a note to the Institution to be cognisant of\'2C as the Directorate notes that this information is correctly reflected in the SAQA form.  \line \line The Experiential Learning component will include one week in the gaming simulation venue on the nearest campus and another two weeks placement in the gaming industry \'28i.e. casino\'29. Relevant assessment methods are in place to monitor and evaluate the Experiential Learning component. \line \line Articulation possibilities have been provided. Information on horizontal and vertical articulation has been provided where graduates of the programme will be able to apply for entry into programmes at NQF level 6 in the field of Gaming or Hospitality at registered institutions such as an Advanced Certificate or Diploma in the field of Gaming or Hospitality.  \line \line The purpose of this programme is to provide students with knowledge and competence to take up entry-level positions in the gaming sector from where they may progress to supervisory positions. Specialist knowledge in Gaming Operations will be supported by adequate exposure to practical skills to manifest their understanding of gaming. \line \line Evidence is provided for the necessary funds for the development and implementation of the programme. The characteristics and needs of professional and vocational education are catered for in the design and the programme promotes the students\'27 understanding of the gaming industry.\line \line The programme will be reasonably priced to allow for students who would like to study towards a Higher Certificate the opportunity to do so\'2C making it affordable through distance learning. Advertising and promotional materials will be transparent in covering the student admission requirements\'2C the selection Criteria\'2C and NQF level and accreditation status. In line with the media consumption of the target market\'2C the media strategy shifts from traditional print media structure to digital media. Those working in industry and who want to pursue a career path in management are one of the target markets. Industry publications will be used to market this programme as such. Digital Media will be utilized for advertising.\line \line The student admission requirements for this programme have been provided. The student enrolment process has been clearly described and a compulsory academic orientation week will provide the opportunity for students to be guided through their expected learning path. The envisaged student intake ranges from 10 to 20 students in 2021. Prospective students wishing to enrol for this programme and who do not meet the minimum entry requirements will be able to apply to gain access through formal Recognition of Prior Learning \'28RPL\'29 processes as specified in the Institution\'27s RPL policy. The RPL Policy states that the institution will recognise and assess skills\'2C knowledge and experience achieved through formal\'2C non-formal and informal learning in accordance with the policy\'2C to determine if entry may be granted into the programme.\line \line Academic staff members have relevant qualifications and have two or more years of tertiary teaching experience. The academic staff members to student ratio will not exceed 1\'3A40. The Workload Allocation Model considers the number of academic staff members attached to the programme and envisaged student enrolments. Additional responsibilities of the academic staff members include\'3A student consultation and support and when workload is reviewed\'2C provision is always made for time to prepare for lessons\'3B mark assessments\'3B lecturers\'27 own self-development \'28i.e. research related activities\'29\'3B time to meet with students on request\'3B attend institutional meetings\'2C workshops\'2C forums and other events and activities. The evaluator notes that the lecturing load of academic staff is high if all the additional responsibilities are taken into consideration.\line \line The International Hotel School has relevant policies\'2C procedures and employment contracts that have been developed in line with relevant labour legislation. These documents guide and specify staff review process\'2C performance management process\'2C recruitment\'2C selection and employment\'2C induction and disciplinary procedures.\line \line The academic and support staff complement is of sufficient size and seniority for the nature and field of the programme and the size of the student body to ensure that all activities related to the programme can be carried out effectively.\line \line The institution gives recognition to the importance of promoting student learning and the Teaching and Learning Strategy reflects the Institution\'27s mission in terms of the provision of quality\'2C industry focused teaching of programmes that are developed in consultation with industry partners to ensure that the aspect of employability of graduates form a critical part of the design\'2C development and offering of relevant programmes to maximise employability prospects for graduates.\line \line The programme will be delivered in the distance learning mode using online teaching. HIS uses a Totara Moodle which has been implemented in similar distance learning offerings. Discussion forums\'2C resources\'2C learning activities\'2C formative assessments and messaging are some of the activities supported by Totara Moodle.  \line \line Students receive a programme guide and subject guide for each module\'2C and also an information guide - this information is also made available to them to download via the LMS online. The learning material is generally provided in the form of prescribed textbooks\'2C or where there is no suitable prescribed book available for a specific module\'2C the material is developed by subject specialist academics in the institution specifically in accordance with the outcomes and specified learning objectives of the module. Online lecture sessions facilitated by qualified and experienced lecturers present and explain the theoretical knowledge to students and link the practical application thereof throughout the programme where relevant.  Experiential Learning forms part of the curriculum and students apply their knowledge at the end of the academic year within industry. Before the placement in industry students are inducted through the Workplace Preparedness Programme. \line \line The range of teaching and learning methods include workshops\'2C tutorials\'2C independent self-study and a range of learning activities to keep students engaged with the learning and inspire critical thinking and participation. Various learning activities are utilised.\line \line A clear overview of the academic support programmes and assistance provided to students was provided. Suitable mechanisms are in place to monitor student progress\'2C evaluate programme impact and effect improvement. \line \line All learning activities\'2C formative and summative assessments including prescribed reading is standardised across all sites of delivery. Standardised year planners and timetables are used across campuses. Standard examinations are written on all campuses. Under-performing students are tracked through the assessment process and advised in writing of areas for improvement or remedial action. \line \line The assessment procedures were provided and are found to be relevant for the programme. The type and number of assessments per module have been indicated in the Programme Guide and Module Detail documents and is suitable for the programme. The Assessment and Moderation \line Policy of the school was provided and comprises both formative and summative methods of assessment. Formative assessments will be used to assess students\'27 progress towards the attainment of learning outcomes on an ongoing basis and include various assessment methods. \line \line Summative assessments generally take the form of a final examination written on the nearest campus under examination conditions. Most of the modules in this programme carry a final examination which is two to three hours in duration and completed on campus. The examination contributes a further 50\'25 to the final mark. The Examination Compilation Procedure\'2C Examination Administration procedure and Examination Marking Procedure were described in detail and evidence is provided that these processes are suitable for the programme. Relevant procedures exist for internal and external moderation to ensure that the quality of assessment and moderation is above board.  \line \line Provision is made for students with special needs. Detailed feedback is provided on all formative assessments to help direct and guide the student\'27s learning. Students who have a concern about the assessment of their submissions and who\'2C having discussed the matter with the subject lecturer\'2C are not satisfied with the outcome may follow the school\'27s Appeal Process.\line \line The process and rules regarding assessment are specified in the Assessment Policy\'2C including the rules pertaining to the remark of papers\'2C review of examination papers\'2C plagiarism\'2C supplementary examinations\'2C and absenteeism. The WIL Policy and Procedures was provided and is relevant to ensure that WIL is conducted and monitored in a suitable way. \line \line Evidence was provided that teaching and learning facilities are adequate for the programme on the different campuses taking the number of students into consideration. Details were provided on the laboratory or special equipment required and available for the programme.  The necessary kitchens\'2C demonstration areas\'2C Gaming Simulation Rooms and additional library resources will be available. Each campus has a space allocated for gaming simulation\'2C where gambling equipment will be kept for training purposes if the programme is accredited. The Gaming room will host gaming equipment such as roulette table\'2C blackjack table and slot machines.\line \line As this is a distance offering\'2C most of the materials will be in electronic format. However\'2C student can use the facilities on campuses if they want to. Details were provided of IT infrastructure \'28hardware and software\'29 which are adequate for the programme. Results and general study material are published on a student portal. \line \line Adequate library and resources are available for students and staff. The International Hotel School libraries are committed to providing innovative learning experiences and high-quality information resources that support scholarly research\'2C program completion\'2C and lifelong learning. A comprehensive collection of online scholarly and professional resources is provided. \line \line Details were provided of training provided to both staff and students in IT and usage of the library and other resource facilities. Training is provided in the use of the school\'27s MIS including the student database system\'2C Totara and E-brary. Students are introduced to the use of the online platform which is employed to supplement and support contact classes\'2C computer and library facilities\'28E-brary\'29 during orientation.\line \line The Certification Policy and Procedures document describes the practices and processes relevant to certification. The process for ordering and authorising the printing is described\'2C along with the specifications of the blank certificates and serial numbers that serve as control mechanism\'2C signatures required\'2C control of certificate stocks\'2C quality assurance for accuracy and record-keeping of certificates\'2C including spoiled certificates. \line \line Distance education is an appropriate mode of delivery where students are employed on a full-time basis within industry. Furthermore\'2C distance learning or an \'22apprenticeship- type\'22 system of learning remains highly valued in the hospitality industry. The Work-integrated Learning gained in such an environment is invaluable and constitutes a major part of the learning programme.  The geographic location of hotel properties and students\'2C as well as the costs associated with a contact study programme further supports distance learning as a suitable alternative to access education.  Distance education acknowledges the needs of these students providing for flexible study times\'2C considering their work and life-commitments while making full use of the context of work in the achievement of learning outcomes.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Gaming Operations \'28120 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b \'C2\'A0\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql RECOMMENDATION\'3A\line The Institution should ensure that the total number of credits should be shown consistently in the documentation as 120 credits.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}