{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 6th October 2020\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1142\'2FE015CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Pearson Institute of Higher Education\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Advanced Certificate in Information Systems \'28Web \'26 Mobile Development\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Pretoria Campus \line Menlyn Learning Hub\'2C 22 Umgazi Street\'2C Ashlea Gardens\'2C Pretoria\'2C 0081\line \line Potchefstroom Campus\line 12 Esselen Street Cnr. Esselen Street \'26 Steve Biko Ave Die Bult POTCHEFSTROOM\'2C 2531\line \line Midrand Campus\line 44 Alsatian Road\line Glen Austin\'2C Extension 3\line Midrand 1685\line \line Bedfordview Campus\line 9 Concorde Road East Bedfordview\line \line Cape Town Campus\line 11 Imam Haron \'28old Landsdowne\'29 Rd Brookside Building Claremont Cape Town\line \line Durbanville Campus \line Kaapzicht 9 Roger Street TYGERVALLEY 7530\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Pearson Institute of Higher Education \'28PIHE\'29 is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution and has programmes accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution was previously known as the Midrand Graduate Institute \'28MGI\'29. The programmes of MGI were accredited to PIHE\'2C following due process which included site visits. The CTI Education Group \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is also a subsidiary\'2C but continues to operate independently \'28cf. Register of Private Higher Education Institutions\'3B DHET\'2C 17 March 2020\'29.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for accreditation of the Advanced Certificate in Information Systems \'28Web \'26 Mobile Development\'29 which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at the following sites of delivery\'3A\line - Vanderbijlpark Campus\line - Pretoria Campus\line - Potchefstroom Campus\line - Port Elizabeth Campus\line - Nelspruit Campus\line - Bloemfontein Campus\line - Midrand Campus\line - Bedfordview Campus\line - Claremont Campus\'2C Cape Town\line - Durban Campus\line - Durbanville Campus\'2C Cape Town\line - East London Campus.\line \line PIHE currently has 12 registered sites of delivery and 27 qualifications that can be offered in the contact mode across sites \'28DHET\'2C 17 March 2020\'29. The registered qualifications include the following\'3A\line - Higher Certificate in Information Systems\line - Higher Certificate in Information Systems in Software Development\line - Higher Certificate in Information Systems in Internet Development\line - Higher Certificate in Information Systems in Engineering Development.\line \line The following should be noted\'3A\line i. It is indicated in the institutional profile that the site address in East London is 12 Stewart Drive \'28which is also a CTI site of delivery\'29. The DHET Register lists the address as 6 Stewart Drive. The street number should be confirmed.\line ii. The International Hotel School also occupies part of the premises of the PIHE site in Menlyn\'2C Pretoria \'28i.e. Pretoria Campus\'29. The IHS offers six contact programmes and PIHE offers eight contact programmes on site.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the application for the Advanced Certificate in Information Systems \'28Web \'26 Mobile Development\'29 and recommended that the programme should not be accredited. According to the evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report\'2C the programme does not comply with minimum requirements\'2C the budget is inadequate and the teaching\'2C learning and assessment strategy not clear. The Directorate concurs with the findings of the evaluator.\line \line The Institution confirmed that the programme was approved by relevant institutional structures\'2C and forms part of institutional planning and resource allocation. The Institution has submitted a budget for the development of learning materials for this programme \'28Criterion 1\'29\'2C and an Institutional Budget \'28Criterion 5\'29. The institutional budget fails to convey the allocation for the initiation\'2C development\'2C implementation\'2C facilitation\'2C support and maintenance of this programme. The budget available under Criterion 5 provides for the entire institution and does not allocate funds to specific programmes. Note that this institution currently offers 27 programmes in various fields of study\'2C at 12 registered sites. The budget fails to indicate the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s capacity to financially support and maintain the development and offering of this programme.\line \line The proposed AdvCert \'28Information Systems\'29\'28Web \'26 Mobile Development\'29 was developed to prepare students to add more value to the organisations that employ them and to improve their own career and promotion prospects. The Institution\'2C furthermore\'2C explains that South Africa has a need for ICT skills. The evaluator is of the view that the purpose and rationale for the programme are poorly formulated and not aligned to the exit level outcomes for the qualification.\line \line The programme is based on five compulsory modules\'2C totalling 120 credits at NQF Level 5 over a period of one year of full-time study. The title of the programme is not HEQSF-aligned\'2C and should read Advanced Certificate in Information Systems in Web and Mobile Development. \'27Web and Mobile Development\'27 is the second qualifier. The evaluator indicated that the information in the module descriptors is not consistent with section 1.4 in the HEQC submission. According to the module descriptor for Web Technologies\'2C this module awards 8 credits at NQF Level 5. Furthermore\'2C the learning outcomes and assessment criteria for modules are poorly formulated and do not demonstrate the level of learning in the programme. \line \line Section 1.4 indicates that 15 credits are allocated to WIL\'2C whereby students are placed in the workplace to complete experiential training. The Institution provided an example of an \'E2\'80\'98Internship Agreement Form\'E2\'80\'99 under Criterion 1. While the agreement has the Pearson Institute of Higher Education logo\'2C the text still refers to the Midrand Graduate Institute \'28Pearson was previously known as Midrand Graduate Institute\'29. The agreement seems outdated. The purpose\'2C level of learning\'2C assessment and monitoring of WIL is not clear. Section 1.10 of the submission states that WIL assessment is on the basis of attendance\'2C a WIL Notebook and feedback from the business \'28where students are placed\'29. No template or WIL guidelines were available\'2C and the expectations and level of learning of WIL remains vague. Furthermore\'2C given the lack of clear guidelines and monitoring procedures\'2C it is not evident that the quality of the WIL experience will be monitored and maintained. The rules of progression have been omitted\'2C and the Institution did not indicate whether modules will be offered in semesters\'2C year\'2C or otherwise. \line \line The Directorate notes that the template used for the SAQA application is not acceptable. The headings for the SAQA document have been amended\'2C and some sections \'28i.e. Integrated Assessment\'29 have been omitted.\line \line The minimum admission requirements adhere to current legislation and are commensurate with the programme\'E2\'80\'99s academic requirements. However\'2C the selection criteria states that Pearson will consider academic performance in the applicants\'E2\'80\'99 National Senior Certificate. This is not acceptable for admission to NQF Level 6 qualifications. \line \line The enrolment figures are not sufficient in terms of annual enrolment plans per campus per year. The enrolment targets are not clear. No campus-based enrolment plan was provided and it was therefore not possible to determine with certainty the extent to which campus infrastructure and staffing meet the minimum requirements. The evaluator furthermore explains that it is uncertain if the targeted enrolment of 50 students in the first cohort can align with the mission to deliver the programme in small classes to ensure individual attention. \line \line The submission failed to provide evidence of sufficient qualified staff to facilitate and support this programme. According to Section 3.1 of the submission\'2C two full-time staff have been appointed per campus to lecture the modules in this programme. Not all the CVs of academic staff were available to verify their qualifications. It is the mission of the Institution to have small classes. However\'2C the resource allocation\'2C especially in terms of staffing does not align with this intent. A statement of envisaged enrolment per campus will assist to determine whether the number of lecturers who have been appointed to facilitate the programme is sufficient. A suitably qualified programme coordinator has been appointed for each site of delivery. Note that each site has two full-time academic staff and one of these is the programme coordinator. Lecturers are responsible for facilitating the modules\'2C while module development is contracted to a subject specialist that is moderated by academic staff \'28see Cr. 3\'2C 3.5\'29. It is not clear if these contracted subject specialists are within Pearson Education or external academics.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the teaching and learning strategy needs improvement. Section 5.2 of the submission explains that the teaching and learning strategies are formative and supportive\'2C and lecturers are encouraged to use a learner-centred approach to facilitate student learning. However\'2C the Directorate notes that the teaching and learning strategy is not clear on how the various learner-centred teaching methods will be used to facilitate this contact programme. Also\'2C the teaching and learning strategy does not align with the information in the module descriptors that refers to self-paced learning. Self-paced learning suggests that students will work independently at their own pace and time. However\'2C this is a contact programme\'2C and the mission statement places emphasis on the facilitation of learning in small classes. Note that information on criteria 5\'2C 6 and 7 \'28and the module descriptors\'29 refer to the use of an LMS to facilitate online learning\'2C assessment and student support. Section 5.5. mentions that students who cannot attend workshops may attend via live webinar. The ratio of online and contact learning is not clear\'2C and the mode of delivery vague. The evaluator indicated that student progress is monitored\'2C and at-risk and high-risk students are revealed during contact lecture sessions\'2C follow-up on absenteeism and continuous assessment\'2C using the LMS. Intervention to support students is by means of comprehensive feedback\'2C consultation and tutorials. No evidence of practice is available to confirm these interventions.\line \line Pearson intends to offer this programme at six \'286\'29 sites of delivery. The Institution did not provide sufficient information in section 5.5 of the submission to account how the quality of teaching and learning will be maintained. Furthermore\'2C the evaluator noted that the application provides no evidence of a Quality Assurance Policy or similar document to guide the institutional process and procedures for continuous improvement in all facets of its operations by way of self-evaluation and action planning. This is despite statements in the application that declare that quality assurance is a strategic priority. \line \line The evaluator indicated that the assessment strategy needs improvement. Section 6.1 of the submission explains how distance education programmes are assessed. This is a contact programme\'2C and the assessment strategy is therefore not appropriate. External moderation practices are not well-defined nor reflected in the Assessment Policy.\line \line The evaluator questions the involvement of CTI in this programme. The assessment section in the module descriptors state that\'3A \'22Details of the links between the unit assessment criteria and CTI assessment instruments are shown in the Student Achievement Record\'22. Also\'2C some of the resources listed in the module descriptors are CTI study guides. The relevance of CTI study guides and assessment instruments in this programme is not clear. It is important to note that the module outlines were created in 2017. From the information in the application\'2C it seems like the information was copied and pasted from other programmes\'2Fmodules.\line \line The Assessment Policy indicates that assessments are developed by a primary lecturer at the Midrand Campus\'2C while the submission indicates that course material are contracted to a subject specialist. It is not clear who is responsible for the development of assessments in this programme.\line \line Pearson Education has venues\'2C facilities\'2C IT infrastructure and libraries at all the campuses. As mentioned before\'2C the enrolment figures were not provided in terms of the various campuses. It was\'2C therefore\'2C not possible to determine with certainty the extent to which campus infrastructure and library resources meet the minimum requirements.  \line \line The evaluator found that the Institution refers to distance education students in various sections of the submission \'28e.g. 6.1\'2C 7.4\'2C 7.8\'29\'2C while the application is for a contact programme. The information in the submission does not support a contact programme. \line \line The evaluator indicated that Pearson seems to have adequate software and programme administrative services to manage programme information and students. The Directorate notes that the Institution indicates\'2C in section 8.3.6 of the application\'2C that students do not have online access. This is contradictory to information on criterion 5 that refers to the use of a Learning Management System.\line \line The report points to various concerns that indicate non-compliance withto minimum requirements in terms of all the relevant criteria for accreditation. The Directorate recommends that the programme should not be accredited.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Advanced Certificate in Information Systems \'28Web \'26 Mobile Development\'29 \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. The budget provides an overview of funding for the entire institution and fails to indicate the Institution\'27s capacity to financially support and maintain the development and offering of this programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 10. It is the mission of the Institution to have small classes. However\'2C the resource allocation\'2C especially in terms of staffing\'2C does not align with this intent.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 11. There is a lack of detailed information on the teaching and learning approach and the assessment strategies to be adopted in the programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 5 \'26 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 12. Pearson intends to offer this programme at six \'286\'29 sites of delivery\'2C but failed to provide account of how the quality of teaching and learning will be maintained.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 13. The submission includes numerous references to distance education\'2C while the application is for a contact programme. The information in the submission is contradictory and does not support a contact programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1 - 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 14. The module descriptors refer to CTI assessment instruments\'2C and some modules rely on CTI study guides and resources. The relevance of CTI study guides and assessment instruments in this programme is not clear.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 15. No campus-based enrolment was available and it was\'2C therefore\'2C not possible to determine with certainty the extent to which campus infrastructure and library resources meet the minimum requirements.  \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 16. Section 8.3.6 of the application states that students do not have online access. This is contradictory to information on criterion 5 that refers to the use of a Learning Management System.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 17. The template used for the SAQA application is not acceptable.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The purpose and rationale for the programme seem generic\'2C and not aligned to the exit level outcomes for the qualification.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. The title of the programme does not meet HEQSF requirements \'28HEQSF\'2C Naming of Qualifications\'2C Section 47 - 52\'29.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. The information in the module descriptors is not consistent with section 1.4 in the HEQC submission and the NQF levels of modules are not consistent.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. The WIL agreement includes reference to the Midrand Graduate Institute and seems outdated.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 6. The purpose\'2C level of learning\'2C assessment and monitoring of WIL are not clear. Given the lack of clear guidelines and monitoring procedures\'2C it is not evident that the quality of the WIL experience will be monitored and maintained.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 7. The rules of progression were omitted.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 8. The selection criteria refer to performance in a National Senior Certificate that is not appropriate for admission into an Advanced Certificate.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 9. The enrolment targets are unclear. No campus-based enrolment plan was provided\'2C and it was therefore not possible to determine with certainty the extent to which campus infrastructure and staffing meet the minimum requirements.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}