{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH07\'2FE243CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql University of Johannesburg\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Master of Health Sciences\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 9\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 180\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 180\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Doornfontein Campus\line Cnr. Siemert and Beit Streets\line Doornfontein\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The University of Johannesburg \'28UJ\'29 is a public higher education Institution and has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for accreditation of the Master of Health Sciences programme which will be offered in the distance mode of delivery at the Doornfontein Campus.\line \line UJ has also applied for the accreditation of the same programme to be offered in the contact mode of delivery.\line \line The Institution is accredited to offer the following programmes\'3A \line - Bachelor of Health Sciences in Sport and Exercise Science \line - Doctor of Health Sciences in Complementary Medicine \line - Master of Health Sciences in Complementary Medicine \line - Master of Health Sciences in Chiropractic \line - Bachelor of Health Sciences in Chiropractic \line - Bachelor of Health Sciences in Podiatry \line - Bachelor of Health Sciences in Complementary Medicine \line - Bachelor of Health Sciences in Medical Laboratory Sciences \line - Bachelor of Health Sciences - Radiography \'28Diagnostic Radiography\'29.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The programme meets minimum requirements in terms of all the accreditation criteria.\line \line The Master of Health Sciences enables graduates to develop high levels of specialised knowledge and expertise in conducting research within the field of Health Sciences\'2C using advanced problem-solving skills and critical\'2C reflective thinking\'2C as well as the ability to report on research conducted in ways appropriate to the relevant academic and disciplinary discourses. The student will report the findings in a manner that meets the accepted criteria and ethical principles of the profession. Students will make a contribution to the existing body of knowledge in the application of advanced theoretical or applied knowledge to develop and advance the study and practice of Health Sciences.\line \line The programme is a 180-credit non-professional Master\'E2\'80\'99s based on a research project and dissertation. Students obtain 180 credits over one year of full-time study\'2C or two years part-time. The learning activities in Section 1.5 are appropriate for a research-based Master\'E2\'80\'99s degree. The exit level outcomes are suitable to achieve the programme purpose and in line with NQF level 9. \line \line The evaluator indicated that articulation is described vertically with relevant doctoral qualifications as per the SAQA document. There are no modules as the Master\'E2\'80\'99s degree is research-based. Horizontal articulation into Master\'E2\'80\'99s programmes at the same NQF level is also possible\'2C in the same or cognate disciplines\'2C both internal and external to UJ.\line \line The admission and selection criteria adhere to current legislation and are commensurate with the programme\'E2\'80\'99s academic requirements. The selection of Master\'E2\'80\'99s students will be done in accordance with rules and regulations of the Higher Degrees Committee of UJ \'28Policy Higher Degrees and Postgraduate Studies\'29 as stipulated for postgraduate programmes. Selection includes the approval of the student\'E2\'80\'99s research concept by the Department Research Committee\'2C which will grant the student permission to register and then develop a research proposal. The selection and allocation of postgraduate \'28PG\'29 students depends on the availability of supervisors. \line \line Recognition of Prior Learning \'28RPL\'29 will be taken into account and is aligned with the University\'E2\'80\'99s RPL policy.  \line \line The Master of Health Sciences comprises a dissertation that makes an original contribution to the Health Sciences field. As this is a research-based programme\'2C the promotion of student learning is in line with the Teaching and Learning Philosophy of the UJ. Students are assigned a supervisor based on their area\'2Fs of specialisation. The UJ Policy\'3A Student-supervisor Relationship outlines the rights and obligations of Master\'E2\'80\'99s students\'2C supervisors and co-supervisors. It gives a clear and concise outline of the expectations of both parties with the aim of aiding the development and maintenance of a sound and productive relationship between student and supervisor. \line \line The institution uses established institutional systems and mechanisms in place to monitor student progress\'2C evaluate the programme and improve or maintain the quality of the programme. Also\'2C the institution has the policy structure\'2C processes and capacity in terms of systems\'2C structures\'2C policies\'2C procedures and processes for materials design\'2C development and delivery of this programme. \line \line The evaluator indicated that assessment is subject to the institutional policies and guidelines for assessment. The research project is assessed via submission of a dissertation in line with the Senate Higher Degrees Policy of the University. External assessors are appointed to ensure adherence to quality standards. UJ requires that assessors should be experienced with knowledge of the learning field\'2C be someone in whom other assessors have confidence and have related experience\'2C or have undergone training\'2C in assessment. Students receive feedback from the supervisor on work submitted on a continuous basis. Students are guided as to how to improve their performance. Students consult with their supervisors during consultation hours to discuss their research progress. All disputes are dealt with in accordance with UJ Policies and Faculty of Health Sciences procedures.\line \line The institution provided sufficient information on postgraduate policies and structures and has the capacity\'2C infrastructure and capability to supervise postgraduate students and maintain the quality of postgraduate studies. \line \line The Directorate notes that this application is for the Master of Health Sciences as a distance education qualification. The evaluator did not comment on Criterion 10. The institution completed Criterion 10 of the application and provided sufficient evidence of capacity and institutional structures to support and maintain the quality of distance education programmes.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme is accredited.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Master of Health Sciences \'28180 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}