{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR035\'2FE117CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql The Independent Institute of Education \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Arts\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 366\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Head Office\line ADvTECH House\line Building 3\'2C Block 7\line Inanda Greens\line 54 Wierda Road West\line Wierda Valley\line SANDTON\line 2196\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Independent Institute of Education \'28IIE\'29 is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution and has programmes that are accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Bachelor of Arts programme which will be offered in a distance mode of delivery at Sandton\'2C Head Office. \line \line \line The Institution is accredited to offer the following programmes\'3A \line - Diploma in Integrated Brand Communication \line - Bachelor of Arts in Corporate Communication \line - Higher Certificate in Journalism \line - Diploma in Journalism Studies \line - Higher Certificate in Brand Building Practice \line - Master of Arts in Creative Brand Leadership \line - Bachelor of Arts in Strategic Brand Communication \line - Bachelor of Commerce in Strategic Brand Management \line - Advanced Diploma in Brand Innovation \line - Bachelor of Commerce Honours in Strategic Brand Management \line - Bachelor of Commerce Honours in Strategic Brand Management\line - Bachelor of Arts Honours in Communication\line - Bachelor of Arts in Strategic Brand Communication\line - Bachelor of Arts Honours in Strategic Brand Communication\line \line The IIE has the following programmes that are HEQSF-Aligned and deemed Accredited\'3A \line - Diploma in Integrated Brand Communications \line - Bachelor of Arts in Corporate Communication \line - Bachelor of Arts in Creative Brand Communication \line - Bachelor of Arts Honours in Communications Management \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator stated that the programme in terms of all the criteria to be assessed meets the minimum requirements for accreditation and recommended that the programme should be accredited with conditions.  \line \line The programme is already offered in contact mode\'2C and the offering type is now expanded to offer the programme in distance mode which is in line with the institutional vision.  The programme aims to prepare graduates for the workplace as well as preparing them for lifelong learning.  The programme was internally developed and approved by the relevant institutional structures.  Possible career opportunities have been identified.  Both horizontal and vertical articulation possibilities have been described.  The rules of combination has been described allowing for some specialisation with a choice between three majors.  All the required and relevant documentation has been provided.  The evaluator expressed concern about the fact that the current SAQA submission is not the same as that for the existing programme offered in contact mode.  Psychology as a major may detract from the programme purpose and deviate from the stated CESM category.  The assumption may be that the SAQA information will be updated on the registration of the said programme in the distance mode.  \line \line The programme targets working individuals and school leavers that were not accepted at public institutions.  The admission requirements are explicit and satisfy statutory requirements.  Provision is made for \'E2\'80\'9Cmature age\'E2\'80\'9D exemption \'E2\'80\'93 CHE may need to consider this practice in line with USAF Exemption guidelines.  RPL processes and procedures are well documented.  The application states that the programme will be marketed by Head office as the offering mode is distance\'2C though it is not evident in the submission.  A range of marketing strategies will be followed to reach the target market.  The enrolment plan targets a first cohort of 60 students and increasing it to 80 over time.  All the required and relevant documentation have been provided.\line \line The Institution is well established and has access to well-qualified academic staff.  The programme coordinator is well-qualified and experienced.  The Institution has established mechanisms to promote collaborative efforts between sites and individuals.  A detailed list with all academics and tutors involved in the programme has been provided.  It follows from CVs that staff involved in the programme are actually better qualified than what is provided in the list\'2C and the institution may benefit from updating its records.  The Institution invests heavily in staff development\'2C focusing on personal growth\'2C research capacity development\'2C and tuition development.  The Institution uses technology to provide staff from the different sites access to development opportunities.  Work allocation and academic leadership development is governed by the policy \'E2\'80\'9CStudent Services Academic Development and Lecturer Resource Allocation Policy\'E2\'80\'9D.  All the required and relevant documentation has been provided.\line \line The staff complement is adequate for programme demands.  Several staff members have a publishing record.  The balance between permanent and contract staff is adequate to ensure continuity.  Support staff are sufficiently qualified and experienced.  There are sufficient capacity to support the programme offered in the distance mode.  The institution has a full-time team supporting the on-line teaching platform and Learner Management System.  The institution further employs an operations manager for the distance programmes with specific responsibilities.  All the required and relevant documentation has been provided.\line \line The Institution uses various strategies to actively engage the students learning in the distance mode.  Each student is enrolled in a peer group via the learning platform \'28IIELearn\'29 and each peer group has a tutor assigned.  Sessions are recorded for students to access again when needed.  This is supported by textbooks and modules guides.  Student engagement is monitored and intervention mechanisms are in place to engage at-risk students.  Informal formative assessments and tasks are used to engage students in learning.  Evaluation of programmes and their impact are regularly annually done across the different sites of delivery.  Student progress is tracked and a number of institutional reports are generated for evaluation by the Programme Coordination Committee.   Overall the institution has implemented a good system for supporting teaching and learning.  All the required and relevant documentation has been provided.\line \line The Institution submitted a comprehensive document outlining all aspects of assessment and moderation.  Provision is made for both formative and summative assessment.  Use is made of internal and external moderation with clear guidelines to staff regarding processes.  It is evident from the document that it is regularly reviewed and updated.  The document also serves as training material for new staff in assessment practice.  External moderators are appointed using specific selection criteria.  All assessment s must meet a standard set of criteria in order to promote integrity and rigour.  The capturing of marks and certification processes are defined and control mechanisms are in place.  All the required and relevant documentation has been provided.\line \line The institution follows a digital library strategy.  Since the institution already offers the programme in contact mode library resources are already in place.  All the distance students have access to all libraries on the various sites.  Students also have access to facilities and computers on the various sites.  Students have remote access to a range of electronic databases\'2C including more than 750 000 full-text online e-books.  Librarians are trained and students have access to an online \'E2\'80\'9CLibrary and information Literacy Tutorial\'E2\'80\'9D.  All the required and relevant documentation has been provided.\line \line The institution has a sophisticated national computer network connecting all sites.  The centralised system is mostly used for all administrative functions.  Effective procedures are in place for all administrative functions producing a wide range of records and reports.  The number of administrative staff are sufficient to provide support to staff and students.  Access is controlled and the security measures appear to be adequate.  All the required and relevant documentation has been provided.\line \line The Institution is commended for introducing innovative and effective tools for offering the programme in the distance mode.  Some of the staff have extensive experience in offering distance programmes and are an important resource to the institution. \line \line The evaluator recommended accreditation without conditions.  Based on the concerns raised about the correctness of the CESM category  \'28Criterion 1\'29 and the vagueness regarding the use of examination centres in remote areas\'2C CHE recommends that the Institution be requested to clarify the concerns as short term conditions.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme be accredited with a condition.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Arts \'28366 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 1. The Institution should clarify that the CESM category is still relevant with the introduction of Psychology as a third major.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 2. The institution needs to clarify the use of examination venues with security arrangements in remote regions.\line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}