{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR369\'2FE035CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Regent Business School\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Doctor of Business Administration\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 10\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Durban Campus\line Regent Business School\line 35 Samora Machel Street\line Durban\line 4001\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Regent Business School is a private higher education institution that is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has programmes that are accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Doctor of Business Administration programme which will be offered in the distance mode of delivery at the 35 Samora Machel Street\'2C Durban\'2C South Africa\'2C Durban Campus. \line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of a Master of Business Administration in Healthcare Management.\line \line The Institution has the following programmes that are accredited by the CHE\'3A \line - Bachelor of Business Administration \line - Master of Business Administration \line - Certificate in Business Management \line - Master of Business Administration \'28MBA\'29\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The proposed Doctor of Business Administration \'28DBA\'29 programme is consonant with the mission of the institution and forms part of the institution\'3Fs institutional planning and resource allocation. The rationale for this programme is that it would add value in numerous contexts such as business and broader society. In the context of the South African national needs\'2C the DBA\'3Fs primary mission is to provide invaluable education and training resulting in the enhancement of knowledge workers within their industry circles. The purpose of the DBA programme is to produce doctoral candidates \'28scholars and researchers\'29 who will contribute to the body of knowledge in the broad discipline of business management and administration. The programme offers students a rigorous\'2C research-focused curriculum that emphasises research by addressing the challenges most relevant to managers. The DBA programme is at NQF Level 10 \'28360 credits\'29 and the minimum duration is three years and maximum six years. The programme is composed of a thesis of not more than 60 000 words. \line \line The DBA programme is to be offered in the distance learning mode and student support is structured accordingly. Student Support Services provide for the holistic development of students and is augmented by academic support.\line The admission requirements for this programme are an appropriate Master\'27s degree in which candidates must have successfully achieved a minimum average of 60\'25 in the coursework modules and 60\'25 in the research component\'3B or a Research Master\'27s degree in which candidates must have achieved a minimum of 60\'25.  In addition\'2C candidates must have a minimum of 5 years\'27 relevant work experience. The institution promotes equity and access of disadvantaged groups to higher education by implementing a flexible fees payment structure to enable students to pay in instalments. The enrolment plan for the DBA programme is as follows for the next 3 years\'3A 2019\'3A 5 to 7 candidates\'2F2020\'3A 7 to 9 candidates\'2F2021\'3A 9 to 12 candidates. The institution states that RBS subscribes to the principles of admission to a programme via the RPL route. However\'2C by the nature of the DBA programme\'2C students will not be admitted to the programme via RPL.\line \line The submission clearly indicates the full-time and part-time academic staff that will be involved with the programme. They all hold a NQF level 10 qualification\'2C have sufficient tertiary teaching and PG supervision experience\'2C and have research output in DoE accredited journals. A programme coordinator has been identified. The programme coordinator is trained and informed on the roles and responsibilities of a programme coordinator and is able to provide academic leadership for the programme. RBS has developed a workload template which details the tasks and load of an academic. Processes applied in the context of workload allocation include\'3A to identify the number of modules\'3B and to allocate modules to appropriately qualified academic staff members and their area of specialization as staff may be either module coordinators or part of a team of academics for a module. The academic workload allocation may be inclined towards a greater teaching or research load\'2C depending on individual expertise. \line \line The institution has sufficient policies and guidelines in place for staff. It is clear from the submission that the institution is committed to ensuring that there is adequate administrative\'2Fsupport staff to assist the students enrolled for the programme. Currently\'2C the institution has a complement of 102 support\'2Fadministrative staff. The institution adopts a system whereby the head of support functions is continuously informed of student enrolment\'2C academic activity\'2C and success rates\line \line The DBA programme by its nature is independent and self-directed study that is shaped through appropriate support\'2C mentorship and supervision. Given the particular nature of the DBA programme\'2C the teaching\'2C learning and research strategy employed is appropriately configured for DBA level research engagement. The study process for the DBA programme consists of a proposal phase and a supervised phase. The research proposal must be submitted to the Doctoral Committee for approval. Once accepted\'2C the student will be allocated a supervisor who is a senior academic with specific knowledge of the student\'3Fs chosen area of research. Students will have contact time with the supervisor regularly\'3B electronic communication takes place on a secure web board within the Student Portal and is supplemented by telephone\'2FSkype conversations. Working under the direction of the supervisor \'28and co-supervisor\'29\'2C students will conduct a literature review that supports their research and methodology. Students will then carry out their research and write their thesis. On completion\'2C the student\'3Fs thesis is submitted for examination to two external examiners\'2C which may also require an oral \'27defence\'27 as per requirement by the examiner. Sufficient services are available to support the students at a distance. Students\'3F communication and responses are used as means of tracking their progress as all incoming correspondence is logged. The progress of DBA students are monitored by the programme coordinator and Doctoral Committee. Both the student and supervisor will submit at least two progress reports per semester to the programme coordinator who will present the reports to the Doctoral Committee. The progress reports will include any challenges experienced by both the students and supervisors\'2C and recommend possible solutions to the challenges.\line \line For assessment\'2C the thesis is then sent to an internal moderator\'2C who reviews the dissertation and provides feedback on the structure\'2C format and content of the dissertation \'28that is\'2C if any changes are required\'29. Once the student completes this\'2C the internal moderator ensures that all changes required have successfully been addressed. Only then is the dissertation submitted by the Doctoral Committee to be examined by two appropriate \'28independent\'29 external examiners. No marks will be awarded by the internal moderator\'2C only a recommendation for external examination. Examiners are chosen for their expertise in the field and particular interest in the candidate\'27s research topic. Each examiner will make an independent judgment in terms of a pass\'2C a referral or a fail. The final result will be presented by the Doctoral Committee to the Research Committee. Thereafter\'2C the Examination Board will ratify the result. Feedback on progress of DBA students are formally conveyed in writing by the supervisor and copied to the DBA programme coordinator. Various electronic and direct communications may be employed to achieve proper\'2C effective and efficient feedback and discussion with the DBA student. \line \line The library resource holdings cover the broad functional areas of business\'2C strategic analysis and innovation\'2C governance\'2C sustainability and ethics\'2C research and a range of elective areas including\'2C specifically\'2C Human Resources Management\'2C Project Management\'2C Entrepreneurship\'2C Research\'2C Healthcare Management\'2C Finance and Banking\'2C and Public Sector Management. The current collective holdings are in excess of two million items which comprise the following collections of resources to support staff and students in teaching\'2C learning and research\'3A hard copies of prescribed textbooks\'3B recommended readings and leisure readings\'3B eBooks\'3B electronic journals\'2C Sabinet\'2C Ebscohost\'2C Emerald\'3B hard copies of journals\'3B newspapers\'3B dissertations\'3B workbooks and past examination papers. The current holdings are sufficient to address the needs of the programme. All registered students have access to RBS\'3Fs library resources\'2C both physical and online. \line \line As far as the Management Information System \'28MIS\'29 is concerned\'2C the platform used is Microsoft Windows\'2C the type of database is the Relational Database \'3F SQL Server 2000\'2C and the language is Microsoft VB.net. The Management Information System \'28GPInfotech\'29 contains 512 fields\'2C which include items such as title\'2C surname\'2C first name\'28s\'29\'2C gender\'2C nationality\'2C identity number\'2C student number\'2C race\'2C address\'2C cell phone\'2C dependents and status of the student\'2C banking details and e-mail address. The administrative service is provided by a large complement of admin staff through a cross section of departments that make extensive use of the GPInfotech Management Information System \'28MIS\'29. \line \line With regard to postgraduate research management \'28DBA\'29\'2C the institution has indicated that supervisors are selected based on their academic qualification\'2Fs and supervision experience of students at a DBA level. Potential supervisors \'28i.e. those who apply to be appointed as a supervisor\'29 submit a CV\'2C which is reviewed at the Research Committee. The committee firstly considers the qualification and field\'2Fspecialty of the supervisor. As part of an effort to enhance the quality of supervision\'2C the committee strongly supports the appointment of supervisors with a Doctorate qualification. Supervisors are required to have an experienced co-supervisor until they demonstrate competence as a supervisor. Secondly\'2C the committee reviews the area\'2Ffield that the supervisor would be able to supervise in. If it is a field required\'2C then the potential supervisor is considered\'2C depending on his\'2Fher experience of supervision. In the event of the field and experience not being related to the study areas of the DBA degree\'2C then the application is rejected. Appointments are finalised by the Research Committee. The supervisor-student relationship is reciprocal and both parties have obligations that need to be fulfilled. Supervisor and student performance requirements have been listed and these are adequate. Various policies and procedures to deal with student complaints\'2C grievances\'2C plagiarism\'2C and re-marking. Turnitin is used to check for instances of plagiarism. A Plagiarism Policy outlines the definition of plagiarism\'2C the levels of plagiarism\'2C and the procedures to the different levels of infringements. As research forms a major component of the DBA programme\'2C students are provided with the opportunity to publish their work with their supervisors in the RBS in-house research journal on completion of the theses.  \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Doctor of Business Administration \'28360 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}