{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH07\'2FE158CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql University of Johannesburg\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Doctor of Nursing in Advanced Midwifery\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 10\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 2 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Doornfontein Campus\line Cnr. Siemert and Beit Streets\line Doornfontein\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The University of Johannesburg \'28UJ\'29 is a Public Higher Education Institution with programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Doctor of Nursing in Advanced Midwifery programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 02 \'3F 03 October 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 08 November 2018.  \line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A \line \line 1. The design of the programme has critical weaknesses in terms of the following\'3A - The Institution has allocated 80 credits to the thesis proposal and 120 credits to the thesis itself. The HEQSF requires this professional doctorate to have 60\'25 of the programme allocated to the thesis component itself. The inclusion of a proposal in the Doctoral process provides \'22admission and acceptance\'22 to embark on independent research\'2Fthesis component. The thesis component should be increased to at least 216 credits \'2860\'25 of 360 credits\'29 to meet the requirements of the Level Descriptors for Doctoral studies. - The thesis component does not meet the requirements for independent research for the NQF Level 10 programme and the SAQA Level Descriptors can only be met in the thesis component. - There are no outcomes provided for thesis component\line \line 2. The Institution has not provided evidence regarding clinical placements for the students. More information is needed on the management of placements and assessment of clinical work for credits. A workbook or portfolio must be provided. Sample agreements from clinical facilities where students will be placed\'2C must be included. WIL is variously described in the application\'3A 15\'25 - 60 credits vs. 50\'25 in the Learning Activities table 1.5. In table 1.10 WIL amounts to 600 hours and the credit value is 0.\line \line 3. Although the RPL Policy and the procedure was provided\'2C the Policy is too general and does not specifically address this qualification as required under 2.5\line \line 4. No resources list\'2Fmaterials are provided in support of the learning programme\line \line 5. The programme is not aligned with the academic regulations provided with respect to admission requirements\'2C duration and assessment\'3A - admitting candidates with a Master\'27s Degree in Nursing Science is incongruent - the duration of study proposed is 2 years\'2C yet modules are spread over 3 years\'3B the regulations suggest min 2 years of full time study and max of 4 years full-time and 5 years part time study. - Seminar assessment referred to in the regulations are not addressed in the research\'2Fthesis component.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line \line The Doctor of Nursing in Advanced Midwifery a NQF Level 10 qualification \'28360 credits\'29\'2C designed for high level performance and innovation in a professional context and to prepare experts in specialised advanced midwifery practice. Candidates are required to undertake a combination of coursework and advanced research\'2C be it an original thesis or another form of research that is commensurate with the nature of the discipline. It will focus heavily on practice that is innovative and evidence-based\'2C reflecting the application of credible research findings for sustained changes in health care.\line \line The Doctor of Nursing in Advanced Midwifery programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 02 \'3F 03 October 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 08 November 2018.  \line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A \line \line 1. The design of the programme has critical weaknesses in terms of the following\'3A - The Institution has allocated 80 credits to the thesis proposal and 120 credits to the thesis itself. The HEQSF requires this professional doctorate to have 60\'25 of the programme allocated to the thesis component itself. The inclusion of a proposal in the Doctoral process provides \'22admission and acceptance\'22 to embark on independent research\'2Fthesis component. The thesis component should be increased to at least 216 credits \'2860\'25 of 360 credits\'29 to meet the requirements of the Level Descriptors for Doctoral studies. - The thesis component does not meet the requirements for independent research for the NQF Level 10 programme and the SAQA Level Descriptors can only be met in the thesis component. - There are no outcomes provided for thesis component\line 2. The Institution has not provided evidence regarding clinical placements for the students. More information is needed on the management of placements and assessment of clinical work for credits. A workbook or portfolio must be provided. Sample agreements from clinical facilities where students will be placed\'2C must be included. WIL is variously described in the application\'3A 15\'25 - 60 credits vs. 50\'25 in the Learning Activities table 1.5. In table 1.10 WIL amounts to 600 hours and the credit value is 0.\line 3. Although the RPL Policy and the procedure was provided\'2C the Policy is too general and does not specifically address this qualification as required under 2.5\line 4. No resources list\'2Fmaterials are provided in support of the learning programme\line 5. The programme is not aligned with the academic regulations provided with respect to admission requirements\'2C duration and assessment\'3A - admitting candidates with a Master\'27s Degree in Nursing Science is incongruent - the duration of study proposed is 2 years\'2C yet modules are spread over 3 years\'3B the regulations suggest min 2 years of full time study and max of 4 years full-time and 5 years part time study. - Seminar assessment referred to in the regulations are not addressed in the research\'2Fthesis component.\line \line Condition 1\'3A\line The design of the programme has critical weaknesses in terms of the following\'3A\line The Institution has allocated 80 credits to the thesis proposal and 120 credits to the thesis itself. The HEQSF requires this professional doctorate to have 60\'25 of the programme allocated to the thesis component itself. The inclusion of a proposal in the Doctoral process provides \'22admission and acceptance\'22 to embark on independent research\'2Fthesis component. The thesis component should be increased to at least 216 credits \'2860\'25 of 360 credits\'29 to meet the requirements of the Level Descriptors for Doctoral studies. The thesis component does not meet the requirements for independent research for the NQF Level 10 programme and the SAQA Level Descriptors can only be met in the thesis component. There are no outcomes provided for thesis component.\line \line In response to condition 1\'2C the institution reviewed the credit allocation and modules. The coursework amounts to 144 credits and the research component 216 credits. \line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme meets minimum requirements in terms of condition 1\'2C but further clarification is needed\'3A\line 1. In the response the institution indicated \'28cf. pp2 of the institutional response\'29\'3A \'3F\'3Fthe need to prepare students thoroughly in year 1 in research skills and methods in order to\'3F\'3F However\'2C there is no module in the new configuration that deals with research skills in particular. The Evidence Based Practice module does not address this intention. The institution should clarify how the first year of study intends to prepare students for research.\line \line Condition 2\'3A\line The Institution has not provided evidence regarding clinical placements for the students. More information is needed on the management of placements and assessment of clinical work for credits. A workbook or portfolio must be provided. Sample agreements from clinical facilities where students will be placed\'2C must be included. WIL is variously described in the application\'3A 15\'25 - 60 credits vs. 50\'25 in the Learning Activities table 1.5. In table 1.10 WIL amounts to 600 hours and the credit value is 0.\line \line The institution has clarified that there is no WIL related to the programme. The purpose of the two Clinical Advanced Midwifery Practice modules has been clearly explained. The learning activities have been appropriately adjusted. The evaluator indicated that the programme meets minimum requirements.\line \line Condition 3\'3A\line Although the RPL Policy and the procedure was provided\'2C the Policy is too general and does not specifically address this qualification as required under 2.5.\line \line The institution has indicated that RPL is highly unlikely to apply for this programme. Two admission requirements are presented\'2C more explicitly referring to the requirement of a master\'3Fs qualification in midwifery and registration of the post-basic midwifery qualification with the South African Nursing Council.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the institution has partially met the requirements\'3A\line Based on the assessment criteria related to the two Clinical Advanced Midwifery Practice modules\'2C the institution should explain whether prospective students must be employed in a midwifery environment - given that there is no WIL related to this programme. If so\'2C this would be a third admission requirement.\line \line Furthermore\'2C clarity on the above relates to the document \'3FUtilisation of clinical facilities in midwifery\'3F uploaded under criterion 1 in which a request is made for students to access facilities and for rotations amounting to 11 months. The relevance of this request versus the absence of WIL in the programme and the lack of an admission requirement which requires students to be employed in a midwifery environment makes the meeting of the assessment criteria for the two Clinical Advanced Midwifery Practice modules questionable.  \line \line Condition 4\'3A\line No resources list\'2Fmaterials are provided in support of the learning programme.\line \line An extensive reading list has been provided and the programme meets minimum requirements.\line \line Condition 5\'3A\line The programme is not aligned with the academic regulations provided with respect to admission requirements\'2C duration and assessment\'3A\line 2. Admitting candidates with a Master\'27s Degree in Nursing Science is incongruent.\line 3. The duration of study proposed is 2 years\'2C yet modules are spread over 3 years\'3B \line 4. The regulations suggest min 2 years of full time study and max of 4 years full-time and 5 years part time study.\line 5. Seminar assessment referred to in the regulations are not addressed in the research\'2Fthesis component.\line \line The institution has reviewed the admission requirements which is more explicit regarding the need for a postgraduate qualification in midwifery.\'2C Also\'2C the institution indicates that the minimum duration of the programme is 3 years part-time and that the programme is not offered full-time. The modules have been reconfigured over two years with the thesis component commencing in year 2.\line The evaluator indicated that the programme meets minimum requirements.\line \line The Directorate reviewed the institution\'3Fs response and hereby recommends that the programme is accredited with conditions\'3A\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Doctor of Nursing in Advanced Midwifery \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. In the response the institution indicated \'28cf. pp2 of the institutional response\'29\'3A \'E2\'80\'9C\'E2\'80\'A6the need to prepare students thoroughly in year 1 in research skills and methods in order to\'E2\'80\'A6\'E2\'80\'9D However\'2C there is no module in the new configuration that deals with research skills in particular. The Evidence Based Practice module does not address this intention. The institution should clarify how the first year of study intends to prepare students for research.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. Based on the assessment criteria related to the two Clinical Advanced Midwifery Practice modules\'2C the institution should explain whether prospective students must be employed in a midwifery environment - given that there is no WIL related to this programme. If so\'2C this would be a third admission requirement. Furthermore\'2C clarity on the above relates to the document \'3FUtilisation of clinical facilities in midwifery\'3F uploaded under criterion 1 in which a request is made for students to access facilities and for rotations amounting to 11 months. The relevance of this request versus the absence of WIL in the programme and the lack of an admission requirement which requires students to be employed in a midwifery environment makes the meeting of the assessment criteria for the two Clinical Advanced Midwifery Practice modules questionable.  \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}