{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR119\'2FE068CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Damelin \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in General Management\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Damelin Randburg\line Cnr Malibongwe Drive and Republic Road\'2C Randburg\line \line Damelin - Cape Town City\line 8 Darling Street\line Cape Town\line 8000\line \line Damelin Durban City\line 325 Anton Lembede Street\line Durban\line 4000\line \line Damelin Overport\line 92 Overport Drive \line Durban\line 4000\line \line \line Damelin - Menlyn\line 138 Palala Road\line Menlo Park\line Menlyn\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Damelin \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training \'28DHET\'29 as a private higher education institution and has programmes that are accredited by the Council on Higher Education \'28CHE\'29 \line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Diploma in General Management programme which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at the following sites\'3A\line 1. Damelin Randburg - Randburg\'2C Johannesburg \line 2. Damelin - Cape Town City - Cape Town \line 3. Damelin Durban City - Durban \line 4. Damelin Overport - Durban \line 5. Damelin - Menlyn - Menlyn \line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of the following programmes which are still in process\'3A \line - The Postgraduate Diploma\'3A Business Management and Administration PR119\'2FE056CAN \'28Contact mode\'29 \line - Higher Certificate in Business Management \'2FPR119\'2FE066CAN \'28Contact mode\'29 \line - Higher Certificate in Project Management \'2FPR119\'2FE069CAN \'28Contact mode\'29\line - Postgraduate Diploma\'3A Business Management and Administration H\'2FPR119\'2FE056CAN \'28Contact mode\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator finds that in terms of most of the criteria to be assessed for private institutions\'2C the programme does not comply with the minimum requirements for accreditation\'2C barring Criterion 8 and recommended that the programme should not be accredited.\line \line The programme is in line with the mission of the Institution. The design of the programme indicates that there is insufficient disciplinary content aligned with the qualification\'27s qualifier. This is a qualification in General Management\'2C yet\'2C only 50 credits \'28of the 382 credits\'29 were allocated to Business Management. There is no provision made for Business Management in the 2nd and 3rd year of studies. This is a fatal flaw in the design of the programme. The qualification focuses on functional management \'28Finance\'2C Human Resources\'2C Operational\'2C Marketing\'29. The modules and content need to be reviewed to fit the purpose of the qualification.  It is also noted that the total credit value of the programme is indicated as 360 credits when in fact it is 382 credits. The 1st year has 120 credits\'2C the 2nd year has 132 credits and the 3rd year has 130 credits. The correct credit value is indicated in the SAQA application.\line \line The sources for most of the modules appear to be dated and the Institution should be requested to review its prescribed reading material.  Refer to\'2C for example\'2C the prescribed material for the Communications module\'2C Business Law\'2C Financial Management 1A and 1B\'2C Marketing Management\'2C Human Resource Management 1A and 1B. Naming of modules should be kept consistent in all formal documentation\'2C for example\'2C the module guide for Financial Management 2A and 2B does not reflect the correct title on the document which was submitted as part of the qualification. \line \line There seems to be an excess number of pre-requites in this qualification and not all the pre-requisites make academically sense.  For example\'2C it is not clear why Business Management 1A \'28Leadership\'29 and Business Management 1B \'28Functions of Management\'29 are pre-requisites for Financial Management modules\'2C Operational Management modules\'2C Marketing modules and Human Resources Management modules.  All 1st semester modules in level 1 are pre-requisites for 2nd semester modules and all 1st year modules are pre-requisites for 2nd year modules. \line \line The rules of combination need to be reviewed to ensure that students are not limited \'28unnecessarily\'29 in their enrolment for the following year. \line \line Work-based learning forms an integral part of the curriculum and the WIL component has 10 credits in the 1st year\'2C 12 credits in the 2nd year and 15 credits in the 3rd year.  Evidence of a WIL contract has been submitted but the contract refers to annexures which are not part of the contract or which was not submitted as part of the evaluation and could therefore not be reviewed. The WIL contract also refers to formative and summative assessments where in fact\'2C students are required to spend hours in the workplace and execute certain tasks.   \line \line No advertising and promotional material has been submitted as evidence and this aspect could not be reviewed. The intention is to offer this qualification on 5 different sites\'2C so it is not clear why the Enrolment Plan only makes provision for 40 students per annum. It is not clear if the Enrolment Plan is per campus or for the Institution. \line \line With regard to staffing\'2C each campus has a Programme Coordinator and there seems to be consistency in terms of lecture workload \'2824 hours\'29 and a 40-hour work week.  The Institution needs to indicate the average number of modules one lecturer will be lecturing\'2C as 24 hours lecturing per week could imply 6 modules per lecturer per semester.  A more detailed workload allocation for each staff member \'28supported by his\'2Fher academic qualifications and year of experience\'29 is required. It is also not clear who\'2C from the list of staff members\'2C are dedicated administrative staff members for this particular programme.  It is clear that most staff members are appropriately qualified\'2C but the qualifications are not all in cognate fields. Mention is made of tutors throughout the application\'2C but no evidence of such tutors\'2C appointment of such tutors or contracts relating to tutorials support has been submitted.\line \line In relation to the Teaching and Learning Strategy\'2C there seems to be a misaligned between the concepts of a full-time offering \'28if classes are only offered on a part-time basis\'29 and contact\'2C if only 40\'25 of the time will be spent in lectures which are not necessarily face-to-face\'2C but it could also include e-learning\'2C e-videos etc.  The balance between face-to-face lecturing and the use of an e-learning platform\'2C is questionable. Is also emphasizes the concern expressed earlier in terms of how this programme is being advertised to potential students. In terms of lectures\'2C it is indicated that lectures will be face-to-face but supported with online learning and where face-to-face sessions will be offered\'2C it will be done after hours and on Saturdays. The Institution needs to clarify the Teaching and Learning Strategy in terms of the delivery model followed for contact learning.\line \line With regard to assessment\'2C the programme has appropriate policies and procedures for moderation\'2C the monitoring of student progress\'2C recording of assessment results and settling of student disputes. No evidence has been submitted to explain the procedure for setting assessments across all sites to ensure validity and reliability and consistency across sites.  There is also no procedural documentation to explain the security measures in place to move assessments to examination venues and between sites. There are inconsistencies between the different modules in terms of types\'2C frequency and weighting of formative and summative assessments. This has to be corrected. There is also an inconsistency in the total marks of examination s and the time allowed for completion. For example\'2C the examination for Human Resource Management 2A and 2B should be 180 marks but the total is indicated as 200. The same applies to Operations Management 2A and 2B as well as Marketing 2A and 2B. The Institution failed to indicate the feedback cycle and the maximum time allowed for marking before feedback must be provided to students.  It is imperative that feedback is timeous in order for students to incorporate this feedback in their learning. \line \line The Institution did not provide detailed information about the venues per site. A library budget has been submitted but it is not clear what the budget per site is.  For example\'2C only R80 000 has been budgeted for the acquisition of books\'2C and if this is the total across all sites there seems to be minimal investment in books in a financial year. \line \line The programme information system seems to provide reliable information on the student records\'2C marks\'2C fees\'2C graduation etc. There is a system in place to monitor student performance and a strategy for advising and referring students who need assistance. The Certification Policy is appropriate and procedures are in place to ensure the integrity of the certification process.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in General Management \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  1. The Institution has submitted an application that has critical programme design weaknesses in terms of the following\'3A \line - This is a qualification in General Management\'2C but only 50 credits \'28of the 382 credits\'29 are allocated to Business Management. There is no evidence of the inclusion of Business Management in the 2nd and 3rd year of studies in the curriculum to indicate learning progression in the field of management. \line - The naming of modules is not consistent in all formal documentation. The module guides for Financial Management 2A and 2B do not reflect the correct title on the document which was submitted as part of the qualification.\line - There is an excess number of pre-requites for this programme\'2C with the inclusion of some of them not justified and not aligned with he programme purpose.\line - The rules of combination need to be reviewed\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  2. The total credit value of the programme is indicated as 360 credits when in fact it is 382 credits. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  3. The sources for most of the modules and the prescribed reading material are dated.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  4. Evidence of a WIL contract has been submitted but the contract makes reference to annexures which are not part of the contract or which was not submitted as part of the submission\'2C and could therefore not be reviewed. The WIL contract also refers to formative and summative assessments where in fact\'2C students are required to spend hours in the workplace and execute certain tasks.   \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1 and 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  5.The Institution wants to offer the programme on 5 different sites and it is not clear why the Enrolment Plan only makes provision for 40 students per annum. No advertising and promotional material has been submitted as evidence and this aspect could not be reviewed. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  6. The Institution has not indicated the average number of modules one lecturer will be lecturing\'2C as 24 hours lecturing per week could imply 6 modules per lecturer per semester.  A more detailed workload allocation for each staff member \'28supported by his\'2Fher academic qualifications and year of experience\'29 per campus is required. It is not clear who\'2C from the list of staff members\'2C are dedicated administrative staff members for this particular programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3 \'26 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  7. Most staff members are appropriately qualified\'2C but the qualifications are not all in the cognate fields. The relevance of the qualifications of the teaching staff members needs to be reconsidered and submitted with the workload allocation model. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  8. The Institution has not clarified the Teaching and Learning Strategy in terms of the delivery model followed for contact learning. Mention is made of tutors throughout the application\'2C but no evidence of such tutors\'2C the appointment of such tutors or the contracts relating to tutorials support has been submitted.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  9. There are inconsistencies between the different modules in terms of types\'2C frequency and weighting of formative and summative assessments. There is also an inconsistency in the total marks of the examinations and the time allowed for completion of the assessment.   \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 10. No evidence has been submitted to explain the procedure for setting assessments across all sites to ensure validity and reliability and consistency across sites. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 11. The Institution did not provide detailed information about the venues per site. The library holdings per site is not clear and the library budget submitted does not make it clear what the budget per site is. \line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}