{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1060\'2FE001CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Peritum Agri Institute\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Postgraduate Diploma in Entrepreneurial Sustainable Urban Agriculture\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 67 Olds Street\line Langenhoven Park\line Bloemfontein\line 9330\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Peritum Agri Institute is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is applying for accreditation of a Postgraduate Diploma in Entrepreneurial Sustainable Urban Agriculture which will be offered in the distance mode of delivery at -Main Campus - Bloemfontein.\line \line The Institution has also applied for accreditation of the following programmes which are still in process\'3A\line \line - Diploma Agriculture Production and Management H\'2FPR1060\'2FE002CAN \'28Contact mode\'29\line - Advanced Diploma Climate Smart Agriculture H\'2FPR1060\'2FE003CAN \'28Contact mode\'29\line \line This is the first application from the Institution.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The Directorate recommends that the programme is not accredited.\line The evaluator indicated that the Postgraduate Diploma in Entrepreneurial Sustainable Urban Agriculture has various shortcomings\'2C in terms of programme design\'2C intellectual credibility and the institution lacks in terms of staffing and infrastructural provisioning. A site visit is imperative\'2C should accreditation be considered in the future.\line \'28The evaluator also noted that this application is largely a copy of the application for a Diploma Agriculture Production and Management submitted by the same institution. A high degree of correspondence in both the application form and the evaluation reports is therefore evident\'29.  \line \line The evaluator noted that the Peritum Agri Institute is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE. However\'2C the Institution claims that it is \'3FA higher education institution whose programmes has been accredited by the HEQC and is registered by the Department of Education as a private higher education institution\'3F. In fact\'2C Peritum Agri Institute is a private institution that has hitherto been mostly implementing programmes accredited by a SETA at the appropriate NQF levels. It is very critical therefore that appropriate evidence should be available that it has been properly registered by DHET to offer programmes at NQF levels higher than five \'285\'29. \line It is not however clear how the programme fits with the mission that states that the institution \'3Fdesigns a sustainable future for Agriculture through future-ready skills training\'3F because there is nothing in the programme that attests to this. The rest of the mission is quite vague in respect of the programme under consideration.  The rationale for the programme is not very clear with regard to the programme. Urban Agriculture \'28UA\'29 is a type\'2Fform of agriculture that arise from some specific needs for a specific people. In many cases\'2C the peri-urban environment is also included but the application does not place this into the rationale\'2C especially for the South African situation. The specific needs in the sector for which this programme is targeted and developed could be supplied. \line The application mentions several policy documents and indicates that these are the specific institutional policy documents that guided the \'3Fprocess\'3F\'2C the nature of which remains unclear. It is stated that the envisaged student intake will not exceed more than 100 candidates per annum \'28but also below\'2C where either 80 or 160 students per intake may be envisaged\'29. It is not clear what informed this number.\line A wide range of typical learners being targeted for this programme have been identified as\'3A agricultural extension officers\'2C agricultural advisors of cooperatives and input suppliers\'2C agriculture teachers\'2C agricultural practitioners\'2C and diplomates who wish to pursue research. The articulation options for this qualification have been shown as vertically to a cognate Master\'3Fs degree or horizontally to a cognate Bachelor Hons Degree. It indicates that candidates progressing through agriculture-related qualifications will come traditionally from the institutions Advanced Diploma in Climate Smart Agriculture\'2C or a cognate Bachelor\'3Fs degree. Alternatively\'2C students who complete an Honours degree and are interested to enhance\'2Fextend their knowledge base in this field of study will also be targeted.\line The modules for the programme in Postgraduate Diploma in Entrepreneurial Sustainable Urban Agriculture are all set at NQF level 8 and the appropriate of credit weighing have been provided. The programme modules contains elements that would be appropriate for such a programme. The aspects that would need to be considered are those dealing with\'3A sustainability\'2C marketing\'2C health and the environment. This could be done by integrating some of them into the content of current modules. The concern regarding the distribution of time across the programme is that there is no time allocated to practical work. UA is a practical programme that would be enhanced by incorporating hands-on or experiential learning. Fifty-five percent \'2855\'25\'29 of the learning activities of the programme involve independent study\'2C meaning that too much weight is placed on self-learning of reading materials. The programme is designed to deepen students\'3F subject matter knowledge\'2C general principles and methodology rather than practical and situational learning which is more appropriate for this programme.\line The application mentions \'3Fareas of specialization\'3F but the curriculum does not reflect such since all the modules are compulsory.  Some of the learning outcomes for the modules are too broad and not measurable\'2C or at least it is not explained.  It is not what is meant and in what way\'28s\'29 are \'3Fall the modules vocationally focused\'3F.\line The following documentation to be uploaded as it pertains to this criterion\'3A Policy for the development of learning programmes.docx \'28Policy for the development of learning materials\'29\'3B Budget for development of learning programmes.xlsx \'28Budget for the development of learning materials\'29\'3B WIL policy \'28all\'29.docx \'28Examples of contract arrangements with workplaces for student placements\'29\'3B Employer request for WIL.docx \'28Contract arrangement with business for experiential learning\'29\'3B Outline PGDip Entrepreneurial Sustainable Urban Agriculture.docx \'28Outline and outcomes of all modules \'28core\'2C fundamental and optional\'29 that constitute the programme\'29\'3B SAQA Qualification Template PGDip.docx \'28SAQA submission\'29\'3B Reading list AdvDip.docx \'28List of prescribed and recommended readings\'29. \line \line The admission requirements into the programme adheres to the current legislation within the higher education sector. These have been specified as an appropriate Bachelor\'3Fs degree\'2C or an appropriate Advanced Diploma. There is strategy no presented of widening access to the programme. However\'2C the programme provides for the use of RPL to grant access to the programme for students who may not meet all the above requirements. The application indicates that the intake will be capped at 40 students per class group and two groups per year \'28it is presumed\'29. However\'2C it is not clear what is meant by \'3Fa maximum of 80 students per annum will be enrolled in two intakes of 80 students per group\'3F. This statement may suggest that 160 will be enrolled\'3F It further states that the institutional capabilities allow for multiple\'2C staggered intakes per annum\'2C and the academic year of each New Group will coincide with the start of a semester- but it is not clear how this will be operated in respect of the curriculum since there are no electives in the curriculum. There is need to clarify how this will operate. The bases for such an enrolment plan of new students per annum is not given.\line An elaborate marketing strategy has been outlined.\line The plans of the institution for providing supplementary support to students once they are admitted to the programme have not been outlined. The use of peer mentors\'2C learning communities and living and learning environment as support tools is recommended.  It would have been helpful if a brief explanation of how these can be incorporated into this programme \'28both in class and field\'29.\line The following documentation to be uploaded as it pertains to this criterion\'3A Student Admission Policy.docx \'28Admission policy for this programme\'29\'3B RPL.docx \'28RPL policy\'29\'3B Student application form.docx \'28other documentation\'2C including advertising of the programme\'2C which will indicate your compliance with this criterion\'29\'3B General rules.docx \'28Admission requirements\'29\'3B PERITUM application.docx \'28Selection criteria and procedures\'29.\line \line The institutional profile indicated that there are five \'285\'29 academic staff and nine \'289\'29 management staff. Apart from this number being low for such a programme and numbers of students at the institute\'2C the profile of academic staff is skewed \'2880\'25 white\'2C 20\'25 colored\'29. There is no black academic member of staff at the institution but blacks make 75\'25 of the support staff. This is consistent with the student profile that shows 74\'25 white\'2C 19\'25 black\'2C 6\'25 coloured and 2\'25 Indian. There is a need to vigorously pursue equity in this institution. The programme information indicates that there will be five part-time lecturers who will contribute to the programme. The indications are that most of the lecturers are in the management component of the programme and few in the production aspects. All the staff in the programme hold the required minimum qualifications \'28one level above that of programme\'29 and have appropriate experience to teach on the programme. The vice-chancellor of the institute is also a lecturer. It is important to audit and monitor the teaching staff to ensure that enough contact is given to the students. It was difficult to verify the elements of this criterion because even though the data of the academic staff at the institute could be established\'2C it was not possible to link them to the teaching on this programme specifically.\line The Institution should however be recommended for having already identified a programme coordinator. The roles and responsibilities of this leader are clearly stated. This is good practice and important for the effective and efficient implementation of the programme. \line The application claims that the institute makes provision for opportunities for academic staff to enhance their competences and to support their professional growth and development in the interest of programme quality. This could not be verified. The development of support staff has not been outlined.\line The following documents have been uploaded in support of this criterion\'3A Various staff CV\'3Fs\'3B QMM.docx  \'28Staff development policy\'29\'3B WSP Peritum.pdf \'28Workplace Skills Plan \'28WSP\'29\'3B Minimum standards.docx \'28Minimum standards\'29.\line \line The institution has a staff recruitment policy that regulates procedures. This policy outlines the labour legislations that are relevant. As has been indicated under Criterion 3 above\'2C the size and seniority of the staff associated with this programme are not clear. The indication is that all the staff associated with this programme were above the minimum in terms of qualification and experience. It is also indicated that the institution will attach support staff on this programme and that they are appropriately trained and experienced in this field of study. These support staff were said to be specialists and skilled in the following technical areas\'3A eVision\'2C ITC support\'2C moodle administrator\'2C paySpace\'2C Marketing and graphic design\'2C office administration and student liaison\'2C distance education and administration. \line The Institution indicates that the support staff\'3Fs knowledge and skills are regularly updated but the nature of approaches or strategies used remains obscure. The institutional quality assurance office needs to verify the complement of the staff in this program\'2C as the institutional information indicates that there are four support staff who are mostly doing administrative\'2Fmanagement tasks. Support staff are an important component of this programme especially for the contents of Crop and Animal production which requires practical work.\line The following documents have been uploaded in support of this criterion\'3A QMM.docx \'28Conditions of service\'29\'3B QMM.docx \'28Staff recruitment policy\'29\'3B QMM.docx \'28Example of contracts with academic staff\'29\'3B QMM.docx \'28Staff equity policy\'29\'3B Peritum Organogram.pptx \'28Organogram\'29\'3B Implementation Plans.docx \'28Attach implementation plans if applicable\'29.\line \line The institutions mission is to \'3Fdesign a sustainable future for agriculture through future-ready skills training\'3F. The qualification is to provide industry-ready individuals in agricultural education. The application further states that it aims\'2C through the programme\'2C to create opportunities for access by new and existing farmers\'2C and students who were not able to enter into full-time contact study to further their careers in agriculture. The application indicates that this programme will be implemented exclusively on a part time basis supplemented by ample contact sessions. It is not very clear what this means and implications thereof in terms of the completion time and teaching strategies. It would appear that the teaching strategies adopted by the programme are consistent with distance learning but it is clear that the facilities for such delivery are not in place for programmes like UA. \line In terms of the teaching methods\'2C mode of delivery and materials development strategies the application indicates that the programme will be offered through mixed mode\'2C which incorporates the use of contact teaching\'2C complimented by interactive ICT tools\'2C tutorials\'2C practical work\'2C independent self-study and workplace-integrated learning. The contact sessions include block weeks of theory\'2C block sessions for practical work\'2C tutorials\'2C independent self-study and interactive ICT sessions via Moodle. This is contradictory as in section 1.5\'2C application states that there are no practicals involved in the programme. The teaching methods to achieve the above have been listed as brainstorming\'2C case-based small-group discussion\'2C demonstration\'2C independent study\'2C large Group discussion\'2F question and answer\'2C lecture\'2Fpresentation\'2C supervision. The issue is whether the institution has infrastructure and technical staff to support the teaching of these practical subjects rather than just emphasize on theory.  What kind of teaching materials will be developed to provide this hands-on practical touch\'3F It would seem that the teaching will rely on digital media to deliver the material.\line The programme has provided the academic support programmes and assistance that students need. The support mechanisms include\'2C among others\'2C provision of appropriately-qualified\'2C experienced staff for consultation by students\'2C provision of an administrative coordinator special Monday Reports\'2C tutors\'2C software \'28on DVDs and Moodle\'29\'2C  and other media. It does not mention anything about student counselling and academic development. The mechanisms to monitor student progress have been given as using the LMS \'28Moodle\'29\'2C to continuously track student activity and results \'28marks\'29. It does not present any strategies in place to evaluate programme impact and effect improvement. \line The quality of teaching and learning will be monitored by means of feedback from students and lecturers\'2C after moderation reports have been consolidated. Moderation of lecturer marking \'28moderators will be required to report on the marking\'29. Academic coordinators of each of the modules will be required to train assistant tutors for marking purposes. The programme has also identified strategies to identify and deal with inactive students. Inactive students will be identified through their compulsory activity on the LMS \'28Moodle\'29 and completed attendance registers. At-risk students are identified as students who have failed more than one assignment\'2C or who have fallen behind schedule with the submission of formative and summative assignments.\line The following documentation to be uploaded as it pertains to this criterion\'3A Budget for development of learning programmes.xlsx \'28Budget for the support and development of teaching and learning\'29\'3B Budget for development of learning programmes.xlsx \'28Budget for the support and development of teaching technologies\'29\'3B Teaching \'26 Learning Policy.docx \'28The teaching and learning policy of the institution\'2Ffaculty\'29\'3B Outline PGDip Entrepreneurial Sustainable Urban Agriculture.docx \'28Module outlines\'2C student guides\'2C and programme handbooks\'29\'3B Approach to Teaching and Learning \'28all\'29.docx\'3B Assessment Strategy.docx \'28Assessment policy\'29\'3B RPL.docx \'28RPL policy\'29\'3B Procedures for Certifications.docx \'28Policies\'2Fprocedures for the certification of qualifications\'29\line \line \line The assessment policy of the institution in relation to the programme has been provided. The types of assessment include formative and summative and tests\'2Fassignments\'2Fprojects determined on a module basis. Various tools to be used in the assessment of the programme are described\'2C e.g. Individual and Group formative assessment assignments\'2Ftasks\'2Fpractical\'2Ftests\'2C and various others.\line The approaches to internal and external moderation\'2F examination of module assessment has been outlined. External moderation will be done in a cycle of three years for the exit-level major modules. Feedback from these will be used to inform adaptation and improvement of the modules. Assessment Portfolios sent to \'28internal and external\'29 moderators will be analyzed in order for the statistics to provide a picture of the performance of the students per module. Moderators will also evaluate the marking of the tutors for consistency and reliability. Their reports will be used by the Peritum Quality Assurance Unit to follow up. Internal moderation of modules\'2C test papers\'2C examination papers and student scripts will be done for all the modules of the programme. Feedback informs the adaptation and improvement of the modules. Assessment for experiential learning has been designed\'3A Assessment tools \'28questionnaires\'2C reports\'2C log books\'2C journals\'2C presentations\'2C etc.\'29 will generate sufficient forms of evidence required for reporting \'28competence in the classroom and competence in industry\'29. Site visits will be performed by lecturers\'2C and relevant industry specialists will also submit their evaluations. Satisfactory processes and mechanisms to provide feedback to students on assessment tasks have been provided. The use of detailed memorandum has been lauded as a mechanism to ensure the explicitness\'2C validity and reliability of assessment practices\'3F\line The strategies to improve staff competence in assessment have been identified as including lecturer orientation programme at the beginning of every academic year. \line A lecturer session will be conducted approximately two weeks prior to the offering of a module. It is during these sessions that module-specific issues\'2C including facilitation and assessments will be discussed and finalized. At least 10\'25 \'28minimum of 5 scripts per group\'29 of a particular summative assessment activity \'28e.g. examination\'29 will be internally moderated and reported on.\line The process for recording assessment results and settling disputes in relation to assessment results has been well outlined. Assessment results will be captured onto marks sheets and uploaded on the institutional database for verification by an administrator. The marks sheet is scanned and saved onto the module\'3Fs database for future referencing and retrieval. A grievance procedure flow diagram guides students and lecturers in cases of disputes is also provided. \line The following documents have been uploaded in support of this criterion\'3A WIL policy \'28all\'29.docx \'28Experiential learning assessment and monitoring policy\'29\'3B Uploads vir HEQC DIP.zip\'3B General Regulations.docx\'3B Assessment Strategy.docx \'28Assessment policy\'29\'3B RPL.docx \'28RPL policy\'29.\line \line The application indicates that the programme has three teaching venues that can accommodate 60\'2C 16 and 12 students respectively. The narrative given is that the programme will use blocks to teach and thus be able to accommodate the student\'3Fs enrolment during contact weeks. It is however not clear how such an arrangement can take care of all the students in different years and also those enrolled in other programmes that the institution offers. There is need for a proper audit and verification on this. Another concern relates to the availability of laboratory or special equipment required for the programme. The application suggests that the programme does not need any laboratory. This is misleading as some of the modules would need it. The application further states that \'3Fthe e equipment for practical demonstrations and training \'28for the Plant production specializations\'29 are provided by John Deere Sub-Saharan Africa by means of a cooperation agreement\'3F. But\'2C there are two challenges to this\'3A firstly\'2C the equipment is required not only for plant production but also for animal production\'3B secondly\'2C it is not clear whether the company John Deere Sub-Saharan Africa has enough equipment for both fields and whether this will be available at the required time and there is a person\'28s\'29 to provide support to students during the classes. This aspect of the training needs to be well audited and verified and the CHE should satisfy itself to the effect that practical training can be satisfactorily given by this company. Otherwise\'2C the programme will be severely compromised.\line Similarly\'2C the IT infrastructure seems inadequate and not easily accessible to especially students. This needs to be verified. In the case of library\'2C the institution does not have one but use ad hoc membership to the UFS Sasol Library. It is not clear how well this library is equipped with agricultural material and how easy access it will be to students. For the diploma\'2C prescribed resources will be duplicated selectively\'2C attached to study guides\'2C and copyright acknowledged by means of a transactional license with DALRO. The application states that acquisition of e-books will receive preference to provide off-campus students ease of and equal access This is of concern as students may not be able to have access to reference materials. The institution is intending to develop an agriculture-focused resource centre and a budget seems to be allocated to this.\line The following documents have been uploaded in support of this criterion\'3A Instandhouding 2018_2019.xlsx \'28Financial plan for the maintenance and upgrading of infrastructure\'2Fresources\'29\'3B Budget for development of learning programmes.xlsx \'28Proposed or actual library holdings\'2Fbudget specific to programme\'29\'3B  Budget for development of learning programmes.xlsx \'28Proposed or actual library holdings\'2Fbudget specific to programme\'29\'3B Specialized equipment.docx \'28Specialized equipment or infrastructure specific to this programme\'29\'3B OHS certificate.pdf \'28Occupational Health and Safety Certificate\'29\'3B Lease agreement.pdf \'28Are the facilities owned by the institution\'29\line \line The institutional information and the programme implementation plan show that sufficient and effective administrative structures have been put in place to manage the systems dealing with the programme. The necessary policies that would ensure the integrity of processes leading to the qualification obtained by the students are in place and have been provided. The programme has already identified a coordinator to handle the provision of the services required. There is evidence of availability of management information systems to support the management of teaching and learning at the institution. However\'2C information on the availability of adequate IT infrastructure \'28hardware and software\'29 in relation to staff and students is not provided. There are no details of the nature of the support services allocated to the unit that will implement the programme. Sufficiency of training provided to both staff and students in IT and usage of the library and other resource facilities have been provided. The institute uses The LMS \'28Moodle\'29 to manage student and staff information such as biography\'2C performance application\'2C selection\'2C acceptance\'2C registration\'2C progress\'2C examination\'2C graduation\'2C finance and HR.  The institute has an established Advisory Board that meets bi-annually. \line The following documents have been uploaded in support of this criterion\'3A DHET PHEI application.pdf \'28List of programmes indicating the registration status with the DoE\'29\'3B Programmes offered by Peritum Agri Institute.docx \'28List of accredited HE programmes with proof of registration of qualifications with SAQA\'29.\line \line The rationale for offering UA as a postgraduate programme have been outlined as intending to create a seamless learning pathway for students who wish to pursue a career in Agriculture or Agricultural business. The process for approval of student research proposals and completed mini dissertations have been outlined. Students will be allocated a supervisor who will guide the student to produce a proposal and register a research title. The processes of approval and communication with the student have been provided. It is not very convincing how the staff complement will handle the student numbers regarding this aspect of the programme \'28research\'29.\line The application provided the necessary guidelines governing the roles and responsibilities of students and supervisors. It is the supervisor\'3Fs responsibility to keep a record of the student\'3Fs progress and to report on this. The supervisor will guide and encourage the student to work within a planned timeframe. Supervisors will be required to alert a student at any stage if her\'2Fhis progress is unsatisfactory\'2C as well as to help the student identify any areas or issues affecting her\'2Fhis progress and suggest ways of addressing them. Where a student\'3Fs progress has been identified as unsatisfactory\'2C the report will identify reasons for lack of progress and propose a mutually agreed-upon work plan. If progress continues to be unsatisfactory\'2C the matter should be discussed with the HOD\'2C and the student should be formally notified in writing. Should progress continue to be unsatisfactory\'2C and if the HOD finds that there are insufficient mitigating circumstances\'2C the HOD will make recommendations regarding student support measures. Similarly\'2C policies and procedures in place to deal with student complaints\'2C grievances\'2C plagiarism\'2C re-marking of mini-scripts.\line The assessment procedures for the long essays have been outlined and assessors will be provided with instructional documentation and a marking rubric. The assessor will submit a complete report to the institution. The application indicates that plans are in place to mentor academic staff into research activities and exchange and collaborative action research opportunities with the Netherlands have been cited.  This should be expanded to include other mentoring approaches for building capacity among staff and students.\line The following documentation to be uploaded as it pertains to this criterion\'3A Research policy.docx \'28Research policy\'29\'3B Script assessment guide.docx \'28Policies\'2Fprocedures for the appointment of supervisors\'29\'3B Script assessments instructions.docx \'28Code of Ethics\'29\'3B Plagiarism.docx\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Postgraduate Diploma in Entrepreneurial Sustainable Urban Agriculture \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\'2C 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\'2C 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The academic staff complement of five \'285\'29 is considered low especially considering that the classes \'28for this and other programmes of the institute\'29 will be implemented in blocks\'3B part-time staff from other institutions may not resolve this problem. The institute does not have technical \'2Fsupport staff in the areas of plant and animal production to implement practicals in the practice modules \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The accreditation status of the Institution with CHE is suspect\'2C in light of its hitherto SETA involvement\'3B so too are there questions about the level of the envisaged programme offering \'28NQF 6\'29 \'C3\'A2\'E2\'82\'AC\'E2\'80\'9C these matters should be verified by the CHE\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The availability of infrastructure at the institute that can service the programme especially in its practical aspects seems problematic. The teaching blocks \'3F and to some extent\'2C the teaching mode and strategy \'3F may have been design to deal with the inadequate infrastructural setting. Also\'2C a Postgraduate Diploma in Entrepreneurial Sustainable Urban Agriculture needs practicals for hands-on training\'2C but the Institution appears to have no such facilities. Reliance on as outside company for the latter is not sustainable and may endanger the quality of the programme \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The institute does not have a library of its own \'28even the resource center is not yet in place\'29 but relies on libraries at other institutions and eBooks\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The Institution failed to clearly describe a contact delivery mode programme\'3B its reliance on the outdated \'E2\'80\'9Cmixed mode\'E2\'80\'9D format is inappropriate\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\'2C 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The programme is not appropriately motivated and the curriculum inadequate in terms of content\'2C weighting of teaching and learning activities\'2Fstrategies to ensure that the practical and WIL components supplement the self-study \'28especially since this is contact delivery mode\'29. The implementation of RPL must be properly outlined to include aspects other than just module credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}