{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 31st May 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Re-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR369\'2FE002CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Regent Business School\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Health Care Services Management \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Durban Campus\line Regent Business School\line 35 Samora Machel Street\line Durban\line 4001\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line BACKGROUND\line \line Introduction\line Regent Business School \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training \'28DHET\'29 as a Private Higher Education Institution \'28PHEI\'29 and is accredited by the Council on Higher Education \'28CHE\'29 to offer 21 higher education programmes.\line \line Re-accreditation 2015\line This is the Institution\'3Fs second re-accreditation cycle and it has submitted the following programmes as individual programmes for evaluation\'3A\line 1. Higher Certificate in Health Care Services Management \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR369\'2FE002CAN\'29\line 2. Higher Certificate in Management for Estate Agents \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR369\'2FE003CAN\'29\line 3. Higher Certificate in Accounting \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR369\'2FE004CAN\'29\line 4. Bachelor of Commerce Honours \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 8\'2C 120 credits\'2C distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR369\'2FE006CAN\'29\line 5. Postgraduate Diploma in Management \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 8\'2C 120 credits\'2C distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR369\'2FE007CAN\'29\line 6. Higher Certificate in Islamic Finance\'2C Banking and Law \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR369\'2FE010CAN\'29\line 7. Higher Certificate in Entrepreneurship \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR369\'2FK003CAN\'29\line 8. Postgraduate Diploma in Educational Management and Leadership \'28Not HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 240 credits\'2C distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR369\'2FK007CAN\'29\line \line Note\'3A Regent last admitted students into the non-HEQSF aligned iteration of the Postgraduate Diploma in Educational Management and Leadership \'28H\'2FPR369\'2FK007CAN\'29 in 2015. It further confirmed in writing that the final few pipeline students will be taught out by the end of 2018. Regent further confirmed that it submitted this programme for HEQSF alignment which was confirmed by HEQC in June 2013. By the time of the submission deadline for re-accreditation 2015 it had not produced a graduated cohort of students for the HEQSF aligned programme. It\'2C therefore\'2C did not submit the aligned iteration of the programme for the 2015 re-accreditation cycle. The Directorate recommends that accreditation status of the non-HEQSF aligned Postgraduate Diploma in Educational Management and Leadership be extended until the end of 2018. \line \line It has submitted the following programmes as part of its self-evaluation report \'28SER\'29 submission\'3A\line 1. Bachelor of Commerce \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 360 credits\'2C distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR369\'2FK001CAN\'29\line 2. Higher Certificate in Business Management \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR369\'2FK002CAN\'29\line 3. Master of Business Administration \'28Not HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 8\'2C 300 credits\'2C distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR369\'2FK006CAN\'29\line \line Note that in 2.1 of its SER submission\'2C Regent was required to address the following recommendations from the 2010 re-accreditation cycle\'3A\line \line Bachelor of Commerce\line 1. Amend the documentation on student admission to take cognizance of the Department of Higher Education and Training\'3Fs notification \'28dated 26\'2F11\'2F2009\'29 outlining minimum norms for admission to Degree programmes for persons with National Certificate \'28Vocational\'29 Level 4 qualifications \'28Criterion 2\'28ii\'29\'29\'3B\line 2. Develop a strategy to ensure that research and teaching are at the appropriate level and are not compromised by the staff complement being 70\'25 part-time\'2C and 30\'25 full-time \'28Criterion 4\'28ii\'29\'29\'3B\line 3. Revise the Teaching and Learning strategy to address the poor pass rate \'2839\'25 in 2005\'2C falling to 27\'25 in 2006\'29 \'28Criteria 5\'28ii\'29\'3B 12 \'28ii\'29 and \'28iii\'29\'29. The Institution should consider whether adequate time has been allocated to teaching\'2C and\'2For evaluate the efficacy of contact sessions.\line 4. Revise the strategy for student Academic Development to compliment the revised Teaching and Learning strategy \'28Criterion 11\'29\'3B\line 5. Provide updated information on throughput rates to reflect the situation post-2006 \'28Criterion 17\'28i\'29\'29\'3B\line 6. Devise a plan for wider-scale studies on the impact of the degree on the employability of its graduates \'28Criterion 18\'28i\'29\'29.\line \line Higher Certificate in Business Management\line 1. Demonstrate that rules governing assessment are published\'2C and are clearly communicated to students \'28Criterion 14\'29\'3B\line 2. Develop a plan for addressing the low throughput rate \'28which appeared to be approximately 50\'25 in 2008\'29 \'28Criterion 17\'28i\'29\'29. Figures should also be updated to reflect the current situation.\line 3. Develop a plan for measuring the impact of the Certificate in terms of the basis it provides for further study and\'2For improved employability \'28Criterion 18\'29\'3B\line 4. Develop a plan for regular programme review aimed at enhancing the effectiveness of the programme \'28Criterion 19\'29.\line \line Master of Business Administration\line 1. Develop a plan to bring the profile of academic staff teaching on the MBA to one that is commensurate with the level of the degree in terms of formal qualifications\'2C teaching experience\'2C knowledge of assessment\'2C and research productivity \'28Criterion 3\'29\'3B\line 2. Assess the effectiveness of the programme more systematically outside the MBA context \'28Criteria 19 \'28i\'29\'2C \'28ii\'29\'2C \'28iv\'29\'2C and \'28v\'29\'29.\line \line As stated the Institution submitted eight individual programmes for evaluation and three programmes as part of its SER submission for the 2015 re-accreditation cycle. The individual programme submissions have been evaluated by a subject experts and the SER has been evaluated by a quality assurance expert as part of the peer evaluator process. The summary of the evaluator reports follows in the next section.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line SUMMARY OF THE HIGHER CERTIFICATE IN HEALTH CARE SERVICES MANAGEMENT \'28HEQSF ALIGNED\'2C NQF LEVEL 5\'2C 120 CREDITS\'2C DISTANCE MODE\'2C H\'2FPR369\'2FE002CAN\'29  EVALUATOR REPORT\line \line The programme is consonant with the mission of the Institution\'2C is registered by SAQA and the DHET. The programme design is satisfactory and modules are appropriate and intellectually credible\'3B learning activities are adequate. It is not clear how the curriculum is benchmarked\'2C and whether this qualification is offered by other HEIs for comparison purposes. Quality is assured through external moderation and the competences are well articulated. The programme offers appropriate skills\'2C consistent with expected competences at completion. The programme is not designed to articulate with other programmes\'2C but is additional to qualifications in\'2C for example\'2C nursing\'2C pharmacy\'2C medicine\'2C etc. The programme is coherent and offers a career\'2C if not a study pathway. There is no work-integrated learning \'28WIL\'29 in the qualification. \line \line Student recruitment processes and requirements are clear and appropriate\'2C and the Institution is sensitive to issues of access and demographics\'2C and admission requirements are consistent with these. \line \line Academic staff are sufficient and qualified to teach the programme. A programme coordinator is in place and workload allocation seems well thought out. The staff development policy is adequate\'2C but no reference to funding or time is in place. Administrative and support staff are in place and are trained. The employee profile reflects sufficient race and gender diversity on this programme. \line \line There appears to be an ethos of promoting student learning. Contact workshops and tutoring by electronic communication is in place. A library with a suite of prescribed books and supplementary reading is in place. An Academic Committee\'2C Quality Assurance Committee and Curriculum Development Committee provide for monitoring and improvement of the programme. An integrated management information system \'28MIS\'29 generates reports and underpins support for underperforming students.\line \line An Examinations Board oversees assessment. Assessment practices and procedures are found to be appropriate and sufficient for the programme\'2C and combine formative and summative assessment. The MIS assures the credibility and integrity of the examination system. External moderation policies and procedures are in place. Dispute resolution and recognition of prior learning \'28RPL\'29 is in place. Administration is provided for by an MIS and ICAS. Student progress is monitored through ICAS. A Certification Policy is in place. The evaluator is satisfied that the Institution has taken measures to ensure that assessment is reliable\'2C rigorous and secure. \line \line Lecture venues are sufficient and additional facilities may be arranged. A 30-unit computer lab and internet facilities are provided. Online services are available for students and a library is in place\'2C with holdings including journal subscriptions. Students have ready access to the library\'2C and there is a policy on staff development. \line \line The programme coordinator oversees and is responsible for all aspects of the delivery of the programme. Student performance is monitored to ensure the identification of at-risk students\'2C and strategies are used to advise students on success. Referral to the appropriate academic development programmes is in place. Teaching and learning interactions on the programme are\'2C according to the evaluator\'3Fs assessment of Criterion 1 and 5\'2C in place\'2C and appropriate for the student body and the nature of the programme. \line \line The Institution provided the data on success rates per module\'2C and indicated that the statistics are presented to the appropriate committees. The success rates provided were analysed and improvements needed were actioned. A number of modules was identified as concerning \'28Healthcare Services Environment and Health Economics\'29. The investigation found that 47\'25 of students complete the programme in minimum time. A number of initiatives were implemented including a student academic support plan. Student communication was improved\'2C additional self-evaluation questions provided\'2C assessment feedback was enhanced\'2C and other academic support initiatives were introduced. A computer literacy programme was implemented to enhance computer skills. Life skill workshops have been added in the areas of time management\'2C academic orientation\'2C study skills\'2C exam preparation\'2C and so on. \line \line Programme impact is assessed through an alumni survey\'2C a graduate exit survey\'2C and the FinWeek survey. The information provided on these in the submission is generic\'2C however\'2C and does not relate to the programme itself\'2C or to results received in respect of this programme. \line \line The programme review process described in the application is generic\'2C and does not relate to the particularities of this programme. The Institution will need to ensure that its programme review processes are comprehensive\'2C yield findings specific to the programme\'2Fs being evaluated\'2C and include direct student input. \line \line The evaluator finds that the Institution meets the minimum standards in all Criteria\'2C and recommends that the programme be re-accredited\'2C subject to Institutional level conditions.  \line \line DIRECTORATE DISCUSSION\line \line On the whole\'2C and with the exception of the Bachelor of Commerce Honours\'2C the evaluators were satisfied that the Institution has adequate policies and procedures in place for the programmes on offer.  A consistent theme in the evaluations\'2C however\'2C is that the Institution did not submit all policies indicated\'2C that it has submitted generic information across the board\'2C and that it has not considered sufficiently how each of the areas referenced refers to the programme in question. In addition\'2C a lack of direct programme-relevant evidence is sometimes indicated as a problem in the submissions. This generic\'2C somewhat sweeping approach has resulted in the Directorate setting a number of Institutional conditions relating to the manner in which the policies and procedures in place for the management of quality - and especially in relation to the management of throughput\'2C programme review and teaching and learning strategy for the distance learning mode \'3F are often vaguely related to the programme under discussion. The Institutional conditions below capture these across the board\'2C and the programme-specific conditions are listed thereunder. \line \line With relevance to the Bachelor of Commerce Honours programme\'2C although the evaluator recommended re-accreditation with numerous conditions\'2C and no further intake\'2C the Directorate is of the view that the concerns raised by the evaluator were sufficiently substantive to warrant a notice to not re-accredit the programme. Unlike in the Postgraduate Diploma in Management\'2C an Honours is a research qualification\'2C requiring a somewhat different focus. The evaluator\'3Fs comments are such that this approach has not been met\'2C and the Directorate seeks to reflect this in the reasons provided for the decision\'2C below. \line \line In respect of the non-HEQSF aligned Master of Business Administration and Postgraduate Diploma in Educational Management and Leadership the Directorate recommends the accreditation status of these programmes be extended until they are taught out. The Institution has indicated that the MBA will be taught out by 2019 and the Postgraduate Diploma will be taught out by 2018.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Health Care Services Management  \'28120 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Reaccredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reaccreditation Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 1. The Institution should explain how its teaching and learning strategy per programme ensures that students who are variously located are not disadvantaged if they are unable to attend contact sessions. If the Institution determines that students are disadvantaged in this way it is to develop a teaching and learning strategy for each programme\'2C appropriate to the selected mode of delivery and specific to the outcomes\'2C level and purpose of the programme. The reliance on contact in the distance mode ought not to disadvantage students without easy access to the site. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1-19\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 2. The Institution is to re-evaluate its policy of offering 120-credit programmes over one year to part-time students who will not be able to complete in that time. The current system appears to result in the payment of additional fees and is disadvantageous to students.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 3. The Institution is to provide formal assurance that its billing \'2F fee structure and registration fee \'28including the costs per module per year\'29 is compliant with the National Credit Act\'2C as Amended \'282015\'29.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 4. The Institution is to provide a long-term plan to address staff diversity and equity. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\'2C 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 5. The Institution is to update its online Institutional Profile so that the most recent\'2C approved and dated versions of all policies are supplied. Several of the submissions \'28SER and programme\'29 do not contain the policies referred to in the narrative. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1-19\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 6. The Institution is to ensure that its assessment policy includes the rotation of external moderators and the criteria used to determine their suitability for appointment.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 6\'2C 13\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 7. The Institution is to ensure that it programme review process and its assessment of the outcomes of the review is sufficiently nuanced to address the specific needs of the various programmes on offer. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 19\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}