{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1027\'2FE002CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Stellenbosch Graduate Institute\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Commerce \'28Business Management\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Good Hope Building\'2C First Floor\'2C 23-25 Plein Street\'2C Stellenbosch\'2C 7600\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Stellenbosch Graduate Institute is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE yet.\line \line The Bachelor of Commerce in Business Management programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 8th of May 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 30th of August 2018.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line \line 1. The programme design is not aligned to the HEQSF and has critical weaknesses in terms of the following\'3A - The outcomes\'2C at least the Level 7 exit level outcomes \'28for core subjects specifically\'2C but not exclusively\'29\'2C are not reflecting the level of difficulty required for a programme at this level. This appears to be as contents-based approach and mostly theory-based.  - Although the Institution is committed to the practical execution of knowledge in the business world\'2C it is not clear how these tasks will be fulfilled based on the foundations achieved through these outcomes.  \line \line  2. The 10\'25 admission rule in relation to a specific cohort\'2C has not been added to the RPL policy. There is also no mention made of credit transfer or exemptions based on the 50\'25 rule should students apply for admission based on the completion of cognate subject\'2Fmodules at another institution. \line \line  3. The Institution has mentioned \'3Fdistance education instructional design methodologies used\'27\'2C however\'2C insufficient information has been provided to explain a coherent distance learning strategy in this regard. \line \line  4. The Institution mentioned resources centres \'28and exam centres\'29\'2C but no information has been provided with regard to where the \'3Fresource centres are situated\'2C what their functions are\'2C and how students get access to these \'3Fresource centres\'27.  Activities at the centre do not benefit programme delivery.  \line \line  5. The Institution has not addressed the quality assurance policy and procedures for monitoring teaching and learning via a distance on this programme. \line \line  6. Insufficient information has been provided with regard to how disputes will be resolved before assessment marks are submitted for ratification. \line \line  7.  The Institution has not provided information with regard to the alignment of the teaching methods\'2C assessment\'2C mode of delivery and the materials to achieve the stated learning outcomes. \line \line  8. It is not clear if the academic and support staff complement is of sufficient size and seniority for the programme and the size of the student body to ensure that all activities related to the programme can be carried out effectively. The names of the staff members who will teach on this programme\'2C together with their qualifications and a Workload Allocation Model has not been provided.  \line \line  9. It is stated in the submission that because this is a new programme\'2C no library material is kept at present. Only when accreditation is received\'2C will the library acquire resources to meet the minimum requirements of the programme. However\'2C the amount budgeted for library resources \'28ejournal and ebook subscriptions with remote access\'29 is not adequate for a programme of the nature. In addition\'2C no mention has been made of a librarian and no information on the library development plan that has proper resources and staff member support has been provided. \line \line 10.  The Institution has only provided cryptic information \'28bulleted lists\'29 of some features of systems and now narrative has been provided about the administrative support to be provided to the programme. More information is needed. \line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line Summary of Evaluator Report\line The evaluator considered the original application made\'2C the first evaluator\'3Fs report\'2C the HEQC recommendation not to accredit the programme and the representations made by the Institution and came to the recommendation that the programme should be accredited with prior to commencement conditions. The evaluator argued that the programme was not accredited for reasons pertaining to programme design\'2C mode of delivery\'2C inadequate information on study centres\'2C insufficient evidence related to quality assurance policies and the monitoring of teaching and learning\'2C as well as insufficient information related to criteria 5\'2C 6\'2C 7\'2C 8 and the section on distance education.  The evaluator is of the view that the programme can be accredited only if the conditions are met. The summative evaluation of the evaluator is captured below each of the reasons for the programme not being accredited. \line \line The HEQC recommendation stated that the programme design was not aligned to the HEQSF and has critical weaknesses in terms of the outcomes\'2C at least the Level 7 exit level outcomes \'28for core subjects specifically\'2C but not exclusively\'29\'2C are not reflecting the level of difficulty required for a programme at this level. This appears to be as contents-based approach and mostly theory-based. Although the Institution is committed to the practical execution of knowledge in the business world\'2C it is not clear how these tasks will be fulfilled based on the foundations achieved through these outcomes. \line \line The evaluator is of the view that this aspect has not been addressed sufficiently as improvements can still be addressed. The programme design has been resubmitted and consists of 17 compulsory modules. The evaluator is of the view that while module names have been changed\'2C modules are used from the original application and with some that are added there are still significant shortcomings in the design of the programme\'2C including the lack of rules of progression and the absence of module outcomes consistently for all modules. The evaluator further identifies a lack of coherence in modules which follow each other in terms of levels but appear to have similar content. Furthermore\'2C the process of allocation of credits is not consistent with the volume of learning. The evaluator has identified inconsistencies across the modules. This together with concerns regarding modules and the overall coherence of the qualification leads to a conclusion that this aspect has been addressed only partially. Given the importance of criterion 1 and programme design\'2C the weaknesses identified are serious.    \line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the 10\'25 admission rule in relation to a specific cohort\'2C has not been added to the RPL Policy. There is also no mention made of credit transfer or exemptions based on the 50\'25 rule should students apply for admission based on the completion of cognate subject\'2Fmodules at another Institution. The Admission Policy of the Institution clearly states that no more than 10\'25 of the admissions may be through RPL. Section 12 further caters for the credit transfer requirements. This matter can be deemed to be addressed. \line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the Institution had mentioned \'3Fdistance education instructional design methodologies used\'27\'2C however\'2C insufficient information was provided to explain a coherent distance learning strategy in this regard.  The Institution has provided an explanation on the understanding of distance education and how module materials are designed. The system has been developed to be self-paced with timed assessments. Whilst the evaluator highlights this as an issue\'2C the response of the Institution is in line with distance education practices where assessment and completion of activities serve as organizing units for learning. The model is dependent on videoconferencing and e-learning technology.  This reason for non-accreditation can be deemed to be addressed. \line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the Institution mentioned resources centres \'28and examination centres\'29\'2C but no information was provided regarding where the \'3Fresource centres are situated\'2C what their functions would be\'2C and how students will get access to these \'3Fresource centres\'27.  Activities at the centre did not benefit programme delivery.  The response of the Institution serves to clarify that there is only the main campus and should any other centres be established\'2C the Institution would apply to the CHE for approval of these centers. The main campus has a capacity for approximately 200 students. It is not envisaged that students would access this as learning materials and resources are all online. The response is deemed to be satisfactory. \line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the Institution had not addressed the quality assurance policy and procedures for monitoring teaching and learning via a distance on this programme. \line In response to this condition\'2C the Institution has submitted a Student Support Policy\'2C Quality and Tuition Policy and Internal Audit Policy. It is noted\'2C however\'2C that in the Student Support Policy\'2C it is stated that there is sufficient support during contact sessions and that the Institution\'3Fs model provides for regularly scheduled contact sessions. This is contrary to the application and other documents which refer to a distance mode of delivery. The different role players referred to in the submission\'2C need to be clarified\'2C as it seems that a student in this programme will have a tutor\'2C teaching assistant\'2C facilitator\'2C lecturer and learning coach.  The ratios also make no sense \'281\'3A 120 with an enrolment figure of 20\'29\'2C given the Enrolment Plan of the Institution for this programme. It is not clear how the quality assurance processes will work and furthermore it is not clear whether the Institution is clear about the mode of delivery. This has not been addressed sufficiently. \line \line The HEQC further stated that insufficient information was provided regarding how disputes will be resolved before assessment marks are submitted for ratification. The Institution has clearly outlined the process and procedure as stated in the Assessment- and Moderation Policy.  This has been addressed. \line \line Another HEQC recommendation mentioned that the Institution had not provided information with regard to the alignment of the teaching methods\'2C assessment\'2C mode of delivery and the materials to achieve the stated learning outcomes. There are still uncertainties about the Assessment Policy\'2C procedures and activities in a distance mode. Furthermore\'2C the evaluator highlights that there are differences in roles between the academics who develop materials and those who mark. There is no clarity on assessment per module and what the weighting between formative and summative assessment is this is unclear. This aspect has not been addressed. \line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that it is not clear if the academic and support staff complement is of sufficient size and seniority for the programme and the size of the student body to ensure that all activities related to the programme can be carried out effectively. The names of the staff members who will teach on this programme\'2C together with their qualifications and a Workload Allocation Model has not been provided.  This reason has only been partially addressed\'2C as although the names of lecturing staff members have been submitted\'2C it is not clear if they are full-time or part-time appointments.  The Staff Members Development Policy does not refer to contract staff members\'2C so it is not clear if contract staff members will receive the same training and development opportunities than full-time staff members. The Workload Allocation Model appears to be adequate. \line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that it was stated in the submission that because this is a new programme\'2C no library materials were available. Only when accreditation is received\'2C will the library acquire resources to meet the minimum requirements of the programme. However\'2C the amount budgeted for library resources \'28ejournal and ebook subscriptions with remote access\'29 was not adequate for a programme of the nature. In addition\'2C no mention was of a librarian and no information on the library development plan that has proper resources and staff member\'3Fs support was. \line As part of the Institution\'3Fs response\'2C it has undertaken to resource appropriately once accreditation has been granted. Provision has been made for the license of EbscoHost and that students will be able to access materials online. No provision is indicated for library support staff members. This concern has been partially addressed.\line \line Lastly\'2C in its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the Institution had only provided cryptic information \'28bulleted lists\'29 of some features of systems and no narrative has been provided about the administrative support to be provided to the programme. More information is needed. A detailed response addressed this concern with specific reference to IT Systems\'2C a website\'2C and Moodle site and student management system.  The security system seems appropriate. More information is required about the capacity available for eLearning and whether the system capability is geared for high level functionality. \line \line Based on the above\'2C it is recommended that the programme be accredited with conditions. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Commerce \'28Business Management\'29 \'28360 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. There are still critical issues outstanding such as the outcomes are not set according to NQF levels for all modules\'2C alignment of module content with credit values\'2C inconsistent use of names of modules and booklists to be updated. There is a lack of coherence in the programme design\'2C repetition of content in modules at different levels and no clarity on credit allocation and the volume of learning.  There are no rules of combination \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. There is lack of clarity regarding the mode of delivery as the representation refers to contact sessions. It is unclear if the quality assurance system as indicated is geared for distance educaiton. Furthermore\'2C the roles of coaches\'2C academics\'2C tutors etc is not sufficiently delineated. It is unclear who is responsible for core academic functions. The enrolment numbers and the staff to student ratios provided do not match.   \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1 and 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. There is still a lack of clarity on the management of examinations from a security perspective with regards to examination centres. Furthermore\'2C there is no indication of the assessment regime per module\'2C the weighting of formative and summative and whether there is clarity on the distinction between the two forms of assessment.  \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. It is unclear whether academic staff appointed are full-time positions or whether part-time. Thus the issue of academic capacity has not been clearly addressed.  The terminology of lecturer\'2C tutor\'2C teaching assistant\'2C learning coach and facilitator is unclear especially in relation to roles and responsibilities. No evidence has been provided of library staff being appointed.  \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3 and 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. It is unclear whether the IT infrastructure envisaged can manage the capacity for elearning. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 5 and 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 7. There are no rules of combination in the programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}