{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR035\'2FE128CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql The Independent Institute of Education \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Communication Practices\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql IIE Varsity College\'2C Durban-North\line c\'2Fo Glenwood Old Boys Club\line 12 Radar Drive\line DURBAN NORTH\line 4051\line \line \line IIE Varsity College\'2C Durban-Westville\line 1 Link Road\'2C \line cnr Link and St. James Avenue\'2C \line WESTVILLE \line 3630\line \line \line IIE Varsity College\'2C Pretoria\line 116 Clearwater Road\line Lynwood Glen\line PRETORIA\line 0081\line \line IIE Varsity College\'2C Rondebosch \'26 Gardens\line Varsity Place\line Belmont Office Park\line Belmont Road\line RONDEBOSCH\line 7700\line \line \line IIE Varsity College\'2C Sandton\line Waterstone Drive\line off Benmore Road\line Benmore\line SANDTON\line 2196\line \line IIE Varsity College\'2C Pietermaritzburg\line St Charles\'27 College\line Harwin Road\line Scottsville\line PIETERMARITZBURG\line 3201\line \line \line IIE Varsity College\'2C Port Elizabeth\line 1st floor\line Mercantile Bank Plaza\line Ring Road\line GREENACRES\line 6045\line \line \line IIE Varsity College\'2C Waterfall\line 11 Janadel\line Riverview Business Park\line Waterfall\line MIDRAND\line 1687\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Independent Institute of Education \'28IIE\'29 is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution that has programmes which are accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Higher Certificate in Communication Practices programme which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at the following campuses\'3A \line 1. IIE Varsity College\'2C Durban-North - 1991 - 2004 Durban\'3B 2005 Durban-North \line 2. IIE Varsity College\'2C Durban-Westville - 1991 - 2004 Durban\'3B 2005 Durban-Westville \line 3. IIE Varsity College\'2C Pretoria - Pretoria \line 4. IIE Varsity College\'2C Rondebosch \'26 Gardens - Rondebosch\'2C Cape Town \line 5. IIE Varsity College\'2C Sandton - Sandton\'2C Johannesburg \line 6. IIE Varsity College\'2C Pietermaritzburg - Pietermaritzburg \line 7. IIE Varsity College\'2C Port Elizabeth - Port Elizabeth \line 8. IIE Varsity College\'2C Waterfall - Waterfall\'2C MIDRAND \line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of the same programme to be offered in the distance mode of delivery which is still in process.\line \line The Institution is accredited to offer the following programmes\'3A \line - Diploma in Integrated Brand Communication \line - Bachelor of Arts in Corporate Communication \line - Higher Certificate in Journalism \line - Diploma in Journalism Studies \line - Bachelor of Arts Honours in Strategic Brand Communication\line - Bachelor of Arts in Strategic Brand Communication \line - Bachelor of Arts Honours in Communication\line \line The IIE has the following programmes that are HEQSF-Aligned and deemed Accredited\'3A \line - Bachelor of Arts in Corporate Communication \line - Bachelor of Arts Honours in Communications Management\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator stated that the programme in terms of all the criteria to be assessed meets the minimum requirements for accreditation and recommended that the programme should be accredited.  \line \line The programme is to be offered in contact mode.  The programme is in line with the institutional mission and aims to prepare candidates for entering the industry.  Part of the purpose of the programme is to serve as an entry-level qualification into the Communications industry.  The documents outlining the modules do not provide content but focus more on the outcomes\'2C the assessment criteria and strategies.  There is somewhat of a contradiction between the outcomes which are focused on the South African context\'2C but the textbooks coming from abroad.  Overall the programme is well structured and will be able to produce graduates that are prepared to further their own studies and\'2For will be able to assist communication practitioners.  The WIL component simulates industry where peer learning is used as part of the learning strategy.  All the required policy and supporting documents were uploaded.\line \line The programme targets recent school leavers.  The admission requirements are aligned with statutory requirements.  The Institution will use a range of recruitment strategies.  Provision has been made for admission via RPL\'2C and not more of 10\'25 of the cohort will be admitted via RPL.  The Enrolment Plan provides for small classes of between 25-30 students per site from 2020 on-wards.  All RPL processes are well documented.  A bursary scheme is available for deserving students.  All the required policy and supporting documents were uploaded.\line \line The Institution is well established and has access to well-qualified staff members.  The institution uses technology to allow staff to collaborate across campuses.  A full list of staff members\'27 details per site has been submitted.  The Institution promotes training and development of its academic staff members.  The work allocation and academic leadership structures are governed by a \'E2\'80\'9CStudent Services Academic Development.  All the relevant supporting documents have been uploaded.  \line \line It follows from the list of staff members submitted that they are well qualified and experienced\'2C meeting and in some cases exceed minimum requirements.  Several lecturers have a publishing record.  Support staff are sufficiently and appropriately qualified.   The Institution has a full set of policies and mechanisms in place governing recruitment and the employment of staff members.  All the relevant supporting documents have been uploaded.  \line \line The teaching approach is activity based and grounded in the place of work.  Students are expected to actively participate in their own learning during contact and on-line sessions.  Use will be made of a LMS where students can engage digitally with peers and lecturers under guidance of a mentor.  The system allows for the monitoring of student progress and identifying at-risk students.  Students will be exposed to a range of teaching experiences.  Students are required to complete an orientation session to ensure that they are confident on the learning platform.  Students experiencing problems will firstly be supported by the lecturer and after that by the Student Relations Manager.  Programme evaluation committees conduct programme reviews each semester.  Overall\'2C the Institution has a sound system in place to promote teaching and learning.  All the relevant supporting documents have been uploaded.  \line \line The Institution has a comprehensive document guiding assessment practices.  Mechanisms are in place for both internal and external moderation.  Staff competence for assessment is built through training\'2C mentorship\'2C moderation and a quality assurance process.  The policies and procedures to ensure the validity\'2C reliability and explicitness of assessment practices are adequate.  All the relevant supporting documents have been uploaded.  \line \line Detailed information for each site have been provided.  All sites have library and technical staff members as well as the infrastructure required to offer the programme.  The LMS platform is the main gateway for students to access the learning resources.  Qualified librarians are available on each site.  Students have unlimited access to more than 750 000 full-text online eBooks.  All the relevant supporting documents have been uploaded.  \line \line The Institution is a well-established private higher education provider and has a sophisticated national computer network connecting all sites.  Full submission of the administrative measures for each site has been uploaded.  Effective procedures exists for all administrative functions.  The number of administrative staff members per site is deemed adequate.  All the relevant supporting documents have been uploaded.  \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Communication Practices \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}