{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR542\'2FE027CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Akademia\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Science in Mathematical Sciences\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Gerhard Street Campus\line 117 Gerhard Street\line Die Hoewes\line Centurion 0157\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Akademia is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution and has programmes that are accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Bachelor of Science in Mathematical Sciences programme which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at Die Hoewes\'2C Centurion\'2C Main Campus. \line \line The Akademia has also applied for the accreditation of a Bachelor of Commerce in Accounting\'2C which is still in process. \line - Bachelor of Commerce \'28Mathematics and Economics\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator found that the programme in terms of all the criteria to be considered for accreditation comply with the minimum requirements and recommended that the programme be accredited. The evaluator did express concern about whether Akademia will be able to comply with the current Employment Equity legislation due to the language of instruction and the well-known scarcity of well qualified potential staff members in the vulnerable disciplines of Mathematical Statistics\'2C Pure Mathematics and Applied Mathematics. Such concerns will have to be addressed in future re-accreditation applications.\line \line The qualification is at NQF Level 7 and is aligned with the HEQSF and has a total of 400 credits. The Directorate notes that the Institution has indicated in the online submission that the programme has 360 credits whilst the supporting curriculum documents indicate 400 credits. This needs clarification. \line \line The learning components are compulsory in Year 1 and 2 with elective modules only in Year 3. Progression is built in according to the level descriptors where the introductory subjects in the first year are on an NQF Level 5 progressing to the second year of study with added complexity \'28NQF Level 6\'29. The final year allows for electives where the students can select either to specialize in Mathematics and Applied Mathematics\'2C or\'2C Mathematics and Mathematical Statistics\'2C exiting with 160 credits on NQF Level 7. Finally\'2C the outcomes\'2C the assessment criteria\'2C the degree of difficulty and the notional hours have been developed and bench-marked against the SAQA level descriptors.\line \line The rules of combination and progression include a first-year that provides a foundation of Mathematics\'2C Applied Mathematics and Mathematical Statistics\'2C as well as an introduction to Computer Science. The second year further develops these skills and in the third-year of study students can select a specialization in either Applied Mathematics or Mathematical Statistics.\line \line The programme has various articulation possibilities. This qualification should articulate horizontally into a HEQSF cognate degree and vertically to a HEQSF cognate Post-Graduate Diploma or a cognate Honours degree. Vertical and horizontal articulation pathways include Recognition of Prior Learning \'28RPL\'29 and Credit Accumulation and Transfer \'28CAT\'29. \line \line The Institution intends to use several ways of recruiting prospective students. The envisaged student enrollment will be 45 students per year. The envisaged student participation on the programme will be school leavers as the tuition model makes provision for full-time students only\'2C through school open days and pre-arranged school visits. \line \line Students will be admitted in accordance with the national prescribed student admission criteria and institutional requirements. Students have to prove their adequacy in the language of instruction and they should not discriminated against in terms of race and gender. The admission and the criteria have been provided. The Institution will strive to widen access to HE and also apply Recognition of Prior Learning \'28RPL\'29 whenever possible. It is noted that Akademia\'27s RPL Policy has been aligned with the Criteria set by the HEQC and SAQA.  RPL will be applied on an individual basis against the relevant exit-level outcomes of the qualification and will be conducted in accordance with the Akademia\'27s RPL Policy and HEQC guidelines.\line \line Staff members will be recruited and appointed within the higher education legal framework\'2C which includes inter alia the academic level and skills required as well as appropriate workloads.  There is evidence of a policy on the recruitment and appointment of staff members. A Programme Coordinator has been appointed for this programme. The Institution also has qualified specialist IT support staff members\'2C but the programme does not require specialist staff members with laboratory and\'2For distance education support skills. The Training Policy provides for internal as well as external training to advance the employees\'27 skills in their dedicated areas of expertise. The Institution has provided information on a variety of training workshops for staff members including capacity development in assessment practice. Moreover\'2C staff members are supported to pursue additional formal qualifications appropriate to their specific job responsibilities.\line \line The Teaching and Learning Strategy is found to be adequate. Assistance to students is integrated into the teaching and learning process\'2C including the practice of identifying at-risk students. Students unable to maintain the pace of learning or who fail to meet the minimum requirements as determined by the assessment schedule are identified as at-risk students and provided with additional teaching support and assessment. This is done through monitoring their class performance\'2C project work and regular class tests. Additional individual interaction with the appropriate lecturer is arranged\'3B or the parents or sponsors of the students in question are informed accordingly.\line \line The number of assessments are informed by the module and module outcomes as well as the nature of the knowledge area that is being assessed. A variety of assessments will be used. Assessments received from students will be graded and feedback will be provided to students on an individual basis through comprehensive and constructive comments. Whenever appropriate\'2C feedback will be provided during contact sessions to the class through the discussion of the marking schedule \'28memorandum\'29 and the expected outcomes of the assessment tasks.\line \line All assessments will be moderated by peer staff members. In the case of summative assessments such as examinations\'2C the question paper and the memorandum are subject to moderation. The assessment results are recorded on electronic mark sheets and scrutinized by the Examinations Committee who settles disputes and submits it to the Academic Board for ratification prior to the results being made public. The Institution has provided a variety of supporting documents including policies that are linked to assessment practices.\line \line The Institution has provided evidence of adequate physical infrastructure\'2C IT-infrastructure and Library resources for its campus situated in Centurion. The whole site\'2C including its eight classrooms\'2C auditorium\'2C administrative and academic offices\'2C will be equipped with WIFI connectivity and the eight classrooms will have all the appropriate projection equipment. The equipment which will be used in this programme is mainly low-voltage electronic equipment. There is an Occupational\'2C Health and Safety Certificate which meets the health and safety requirements as required by law.\line \line The electronic library is integrated into the Learning Management System \'28Moodle\'29 and is based on a self-help principle. Students will be trained in the use of the library and will have direct access to the library through the internet. Library use is integrated into the Tuition- and Student Support Policies.\line \line The Learner Management System \'28Moodle\'29 captures all the relevant curriculum information as well as all relevant assessment outcomes information. The Institution\'27s student management information system \'28CRM\'29 is currently installed on Windows 2003 Server running with Microsoft SQL Light that can only be accessed internally on the network. The Internet is protected with Linux based IPCop systems running NAT and intrusion detection. The only access externally to the network is done by Open VPN\'27s with certificates issued.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme be accredited with a condition.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Science in Mathematical Sciences \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 1. The Institution should submit evidence of having appointed suitably qualified academics to teach in the proposed programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}