{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR369\'2FE032CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Regent Business School\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Master of Business Administration in Healthcare Management \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 9\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 180\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 200\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 2 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Durban Campus\line Regent Business School\line 35 Samora Machel Street\line Durban\line 4001\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Regent Business School is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution with programmes that are accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Master of Business Administration in Healthcare Management programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 19th \'E2\'80\'93 21st November 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 14th of February 2019.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line \line 1. There are critical weaknesses in the design of the programme which cast doubt over the Institution\'27s capacity to deliver a credible MBA in Healthcare Management as proposed. In general\'2C the formulation of the programme purpose\'2C exit level outcomes and the module outcomes do not demonstrate a coherent and purposeful understanding of the nature and components of the proposed qualification. For example\'2C several outcomes are either too vague\'2C unverifiable\'2C incongruent and not consistently at the required level of educational challenge or complexity.\line \line 2. The programme has pertinent design concerns that include the following\'3A \line - The credit allocation for the research component falls below the minimum requirement \'28per HEQSF\'29\'2C whether the proposed qualification is regarded as Professional or not. \line - In the absence of any rules of combination\'2C the logic behind designating \'28arguably essential\'29 modules like Health Policy\'2C Ethics and Law in Healthcare as electives is unclear.\line \line 3. Several prescribed textbooks are either too old for the proposed outcomes or not pitched at the appropriate level.\line \line 4. The Institution has not provided evidence of suitably qualified and experienced staff members \'28notably in respect of supervision experience and research output\'29 to provide credible academic leadership for the proposed qualification.\line \line 5. Although the Workload Model is described\'2C it is not clear how the Institution will ensure that it has the capacity needed for the supervision of the students\'27 dissertations given the student intake envisaged.\line \line NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A The attached Occupational Health and Safety Certificate is outdated.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the original application\'3B the reasons for the representation\'2C the HEQC recommendation not to accredit the programme and the representation submitted by the Institution and recommended that the programme be accredited with conditions. \line \line The HEQC recommendation stated that the submitted programme had critical weaknesses in the design of the programme which cast doubt over the Institution\'27s capacity to deliver a credible MBA in Healthcare Management.  As a response\'2C the Institution has reviewed the design of the programme specifically to ensure alignment between the purpose of the programme\'2C the exit level outcomes and the module outcomes. The module outcomes have been revised to attain congruence with the exit level outcomes of the programme and to ensure a coherent programme. The revised outcomes focus on the competencies required of a graduate and are appropriate in relation to the relevant level descriptors at NQF level 9.  The Institution has addressed the first reason for non-accreditation.\line \line The HEQC recommendation also indicated that the credit allocation for the research component was below the minimum requirement \'28per HEQSF\'29\'2C whether the proposed qualification is regarded as Professional or not.  The Research component of the proposed programme now consists of two elements offered at NQF level 9\'2C namely the Research and Statistical Methods module \'2815 credits\'29 and the Dissertation \'2845 credits\'29. The evaluator concurs with the Institution\'27s submission that both of these contribute to the research component\'2C which in total thus consists of 60 credits.  However\'2C the MBA is a professional Master\'E2\'80\'99s degree and\'2C as stipulated in the HEQSF\'2C the research component must include an independent study component that comprises at least a quarter of the total credits which must be at NQF level 9.  The programme design does not comply with this requirement since the programme comprises 200 credits and the research component should therefore be a minimum of 50 credits excluding the module on Research and Statistical Methods.  The Directorate therefore disagrees with the evaluator and is of the view that the research component does not comply with the minimum requirement stipulated in the HEQSF.\line \line In relation to the electives which have a bearing on healthcare outcomes and operations\'2C the electives may only be offered after the first-year modules have been completed and students are required to choose one of the three electives.  The Institution has provided a motivation for each of the electives being regarded as elective and not core or compulsory modules\'3A\line \'28a\'29 Ethics and Law in Healthcare\'3A This module contains elements not specific to any country or region \'28particularly with regard to law\'29 and may therefore not be appropriate as a core module\'2C given the diversity of students at REGENT Business School. \line \'28b\'29 Health Policy\'3A This module has greater application in the public healthcare sector and is therefore offered as an elective. \line \'28c\'29 Managerial Epidemiology\'3A This module is not regarded as being core to the programme and students who have an interest in disease management can exercise their choice in this regard.  \line The logic behind the electives has been clearly explained and is acceptable.  The Institution has partly addressed the second reason for non-accreditation.  \line \line In the recommendation made by the HEQC it was stated that the several prescribed textbooks are either too old for the proposed outcomes or not pitched at the appropriate level.  The list of prescribed textbooks and recommended readings has been amended and almost all the prescribed textbooks were published after 2016\'2C with only one in 2014 and one in 2015. The textbooks are also pitched at the appropriate level.  The Institution has adequately addressed reason 3. \line \line Another concern raised by the HEQC concerned the suitability of qualified and experienced staff members \'28notably in respect of supervision experience and research output\'29 to provide credible academic leadership for the proposed qualification. In its response\'2C the Institution provided a list of 22 supervisors currently engaged in supervising MBA dissertations.  All of the supervisors have a PhD qualification.  Only two of the supervisors on the list do not have supervision experience and they work together with more experienced supervisors in order to gain experience.  The Institution has met the minimum requirements in addressing Reason 4.\line \line The HEQC recommendation also indicated it was not clear how the Institution will ensure that it has the capacity needed for the supervision of the students\'27 dissertations given the student intake envisaged.  The academic Workload Allocation Model provides a breakdown of the academic activities of the academic staff members involved in the programme.  It indicates that staff members supervising students on the programme have adequate capacity to supervise students successfully. The model also shows that whilst the academics may be primarily involved in supervision\'2C there are other associated responsibilities such as lecturing\'2C setting assignments and examination papers\'2C assessment\'2C attending meetings\'2C student support and staff development.  This Workload Allocation Model ensures that academic staff members have appropriate time to complete their required tasks.  The Institution has addressed Reason 5.\line \line In terms of the note\'2C the Institution has provided an updated Occupational Health and Safety Certificate\'2C certificate number CC\'2F13\'2F04\'2F18\'2F0301\'2C that was issued on 13 April 2018. The Directorate notes that the Institution\'27s Healthy and Safety audit is conducted in April of each year and that at the time of submission of the application\'2C and subsequent representation\'2C the respective certificates submitted were not outdated.  \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme be accredited with a condition.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Master of Business Administration in Healthcare Management  \'28200 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The Institution must review the number of credits for the research component of the programme which\'2C according to the HEQSF\'2C should comprise at least 25\'25 of the total credits for the programme. The research component does not include the module on Research and Statistical Methods. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}