{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1000\'2FE001CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql ARCIA SCHOOL OF ARCHITECTURE\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql National Diploma\'3AArchitectural Technology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 240\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 240\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 0 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Arcia School of Architecture\line 381 Aries street Waterkloof Ridge\line Pretoria \line 0181\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Arcia School of Architecture is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The National Diploma\'3A Architectural Technology programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 12 \'E2\'80\'93 14 March 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 7th June 2018.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A \line \line 1. The programme is not aligned with the requirements of the HEQSF and the programme design does not meet the requirements for registration with SACAP. The total credit value of 240 credits cannot be achieved in one year of study. The Institution should note that the nomenclature \'E2\'80\'9CNational Diploma\'E2\'80\'9D does not exist on the HEQSF and that the requirements for an NQF level 6 programme have not been complied with.\line 2. The Institution has not submitted a letter of support for the Diploma from SACAP and the programme does not meet professional requirements and in its current form the programme poses articulation challenges.\line 3. The programme is not adequately aligned to the institutional mission.\line 4. The admission requirements as indicated do not comply with legislative requirements and the widening of access has not been addressed sufficiently. The Policy on RPL does not provide sufficient information regarding the assessment of RPL and there is no reference to assessment of competence against the requisite learning outcomes aligned with the appropriate NQF levels.\line 5. Staff development needs are not adequately addressed and there is no evidence of any mentorship\'2C training or support programmes for the development of staff members at the Institution. In addition\'2C while it is noted that four full-time staff members are allocated to the programme\'2C the lack of part-time staff members in a professional programme may compromise the valuable professional input which industry practitioners may contribute toward the holistic learning\'2C critical cross field outcomes and graduate attributes of the students.\line 6. The Institution has not provided a Teaching and Learning Policy and an Assessment Policy to guide the practices and procedures and the evaluation thereof.\line 7. The Teaching and Learning Strategy is not clearly outlined\'2C nor is there a clear articulation of outcomes with reference to professional competencies or graduate attributes.\line 8. The Institution has failed to provide adequate information on the recording of assessment results. While the Institution states that student achievements are uploaded onto the SAQA NLRD\'2C insufficient information has been provided with regard to the reliable recording and safekeeping of student records\'2C results and academic awards and no reference is made to any electronic information system of safe and secure filing of records.\line 9. The Institution has not demonstrated that it has its own resources and infrastructure to support the offering of a higher education programme in Architecture that is commensurate with the programme needs and demands\'2C particularly with regards to IT infrastructure\'2C dedicated workspaces and library resources. It should be noted that these cannot be shared with another institution.\line 10. There is no evidence of any proper MIS for programme administration\'2C student records or award of qualifications and the assurance of the certification process. An MIS system cannot be shared with another institution as this must be considered a serious risk to safe and secure keeping of confidential records.\line 11. There is no evidence of pedagogic approaches to ensure that exit level outcomes are achieved. There is no evidence of mechanisms for the evaluation of teaching and learning and consequently no strategy for dealing with shortcomings\'2C evaluating the impact nor curriculum development or pedagogic improvement.\line 12. There is insufficient evidence of provisions for staff members to upgrade their teaching methods.\line \line Note to the Institution\'3A The Institutional Profile indicates that this is a private institution while the Application Form states that it is a public institution. The institution must update the institutional profile\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the original application\'2C the first evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report and the additional information provided by the Institution as part of the representation and recommended that the programme should not be accredited.\line \line In the recommendation made by the HEQC it was stated that the programme was not aligned to the HEQSF and SACAP as the Diploma was described as a 240 credit professional programme and programme name as submitted in the online submission is Diploma in Architectural Technology. All documents attached to the submission \'28with all the criteria\'29\'2C continue to describe the programme as a National Diploma. This nomenclature does not exist and was indicated as revised in the submission of the representation. \line \line The programme design as attached does not indicate a revision to the programme design. The learning activities table does not indicate contact sessions. The resubmission should indicate the revision of the \'E2\'80\'9CNational Diploma in Architectural Technology\'E2\'80\'9D. The evidence attached does not show this revision.Reference is not made to SACAP approval in the submission. No evidence of SACAP registration is attached. A letter of SACAP should have been included in the submission. \line \line With regards to the institutional mission\'2C the evaluator finds that the mission statement indicates that the Institution focuses on socio-transformational and economic-development in the built environment\'2C with reference to the global village but with an inclusion to the African continent. This focus\'2Fmission is not evident in the programme outcomes. However\'2C this focus is not evident in the curriculum presented in the presentation. Focus on socio-transformation and economic-development is not articulated in the curriculum. \line \line Vertical articulation is not clearly described. The Institution explains that the student will be fully prepared to enter into a first year at university. This articulation route requires clarification. Vertical articulation show that students can progress to BArch qualifications at the University. \line \line With regards to the HEQC recommendation on the admission requirements\'2C the evaluator finds that the admission requirements are only stated as Grade 12. The widening of access is described as entry into university\'2C and lacks a description of how the programme addressed the widening of access. The RPL Policy indicates that the \'E2\'80\'9CCompany is not a registered RPL Centre\'E2\'80\'9D and that the RPL is included \'E2\'80\'9Cin order for the Company to understand that RPL exists in the training world and how to implement procedures in the future\'E2\'80\'9D. The Policy therefore does not aim to makes reference to the assessment of RPL\'2C but refer students to SAQA website and other recognised RPL sites that can conduct RPL. \line \line With regard to staff development\'2C an attached Policy on Staff Selection\'2C Appraisal Development focuses on many aspects that relate to employment\'2C but the policy does not focus on staff development of academics. Part-time staff members are not discussed\'2C as requested in the feedback. It is stated in the submission that staff members are registered with professional institutes. Reference is made to an induction period of staff member and the training of administrative staff members but the submission lacks information that explains how staff members can upgrade their teaching practices. \line \line With regard to teaching and learning and assessment policies\'2C the provided documents do not address teaching and learning or assessment practices. This policies focus on procedural matters and is presented in a manual format. The Institution does not provide the required information that explains teaching and learning or assessment practices and procedures. The study guides combine notes and instructions and they do not give a clear indication to the assessment procedure. The Assessment Policy does not give a clear indication of the required assessment practices that are planned for the programme. The Institution briefly states that all information will be stored on hard copy and electronically in the policy. Further explanation is required. \line \line In relation to the recording of assessment results\'2C the Assessment Policy briefly states that information will be kept electronically. The documentation does not provide any additional information on safety and security. It is recommended for this information to be provided for evaluation.  \line \line With regard to infrastructure\'2C it appears as if the School of Architecture is connected to Arcia Architecture \'28Consulting\'29 and through this it will have access to an in-house library. It is therefore not another institution\'2C but an Architectural Practice. An internet search provided very little information exists to explain the school and their resources. Drawing boards and laptops are described. Evidence of funds are included butt refers to minor amounts. 241 books have been listed that cover a very wide scope of architecture. The dates of the library books are not included\'2C it is therefore not possible to evaluate their relevance. \line \line A Certification process is described in the Certification Policy. The policy mentions record keeping\'2C the watermark and printing of duplicate certificates is mentioned. No additional evidence of an MIS has been provided in the submission of the representation.\line \line Another concern raised by the HEQC stated that the teaching strategy\'2C the policies did not present any describe the evaluation of tuition or the curriculum\'2C or how pedagogic improvements can be managed. As noted above\'2C this information has not been addressed as the provided documents do not address teaching and learning or the assessment practices adequately. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i National Diploma\'3AArchitectural Technology \'28240 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. The institution has not submitted evidence that the programme has been revised to align with the HEQSF requirements for a Diploma. Moreover\'2C the programme is not in line with the mission statement of the Institution. \line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The admission requirements are not in line with current national legislation for student admission. The RPL policy and procedure related to this programme has not been development and provided.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. The provided documents do not address teaching and learning or the assessment practices adequately. The development of staff members in teaching methods has not been addressed. The processing of results and assessment has not been addressing adequately.\line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 5 \'26 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. The Institution has insufficient infrastructure and resources to delivery the programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. There is no evidence of any proper MIS for programme administration\'2C student records or award of qualifications and the assurance of the certification process. An MIS system cannot be shared with another institution as this must be considered a serious risk to safe and secure keeping of confidential records.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 6. The Institution has not submitted a letter of support for the Diploma from SACAP and the programme does not meet the professional requirements and in its current form the programme poses articulation challenges.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1- 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 7. The policies provided do not present any explanation of the evaluation of tuition or the curriculum\'2C or how pedagogic improvements can be managed. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1-8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 8. The name of the programme is not HEQSF aligned as it refers to the programme as a National Diploma\'3AArchitectural Technology\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1- 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}