{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1055\'2FE002CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Orms Cape Town School of Photography\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Cinematography for Content Creation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 160\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 4th floor\'2C Pentagon Place\'2C 62 Roeland Street\'2C Cape Town\'2C 8001\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Orms Cape Town School of Photography is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Higher Certificate in Cinematography for Content Creation programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 31st July \'E2\'80\'93 02 August 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 13 September 2018.  \line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A \line \line 1. The 160 credit allocation together with the planned 45 to 48-week academic year is not aligned to the purpose of a Higher Certificate on NQF Level 5. The Institution should reduce the number of credits and contact weeks to clearly align with the purpose of a higher certificate which is to achieve a basic understanding of processes and procedures in the field of digital video.  \line \line 2. The credit allocation to the various modules is incoherent and does not align with the purpose of the programme which is to produce digital video content. The allocation of only 7 credits to Web Development is insufficient given the skills and knowledge required by students in order to achieve the outcomes of the programme.  \line \line 3. The Institution did not submit copies of the planned marketing material to allow the evaluator to make a determination if it informs potential students of the programme accurately and sufficiently. \line \line 4. The RPL Policy does not make a distinction between credit transfer \'28CAT\'29 and the RPL process.  The policy conflates the two processes and does not include the requirement that may be credited for access into a programme. \line \line 5. The Certification Policy did not indicate how the Institution will deal with requests for duplicate certificates in the case where students have lost the original\'2C this need to be clarified. \line \line 6. The submitted financial planning for the replacement and upkeep of computer and specialist equipment is insufficient. \line \line 7. There is insufficient evidence of rigorous quality assurance policies and systems in relation to the offering of a higher education programme. The application does not demonstrate that an understanding of the role and function of quality assurance issues associated with distance education provision has been built into Institutional policies and procedures. \line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the original application\'2C the first evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report and the additional information provided by the Institution as part of the representation and recommended that the programme should not be accredited.\line \line In response to the 160-credit allocation and a 45- to 48-week academic year\'2C the institution references its own estimate that 60\'25 of courses in the field \'E2\'80\'9Ctend to have more credits than other fields\'E2\'80\'9D\'2C listing some examples.  However\'2C these exceed 120 credits by a small amount. The Institution also argues that a decrease in academic weeks would \'E2\'80\'98increase the weekly workload for the students\'E2\'80\'99.\line \line In its representation the Institution implies that it is possible to educate a competent industry-ready cinematic content producer in one year and that a 120 credit course cannot achieve this. The HEQSF is\'2C however\'2C clear that a Higher Certificate is an introductory qualification. By not acknowledging progression to other qualifications\'2C the Institution is potentially miscommunicating to its target market that a Higher Certificate is sufficient to be proficient in cinematic content provision\'2C which is refuted by the existence of higher qualifications in this field. In addition\'2C a 30-week academic year is the norm\'2C and each week consists of 40 notional hours. Additional notional hours may be allocated to institutionally monitored WIL\'2C for example\'2C but this is not evident in this programme. In principle\'2C credit allocations are an institutional prerogative\'2C however this institution appears to want to offer a programme that is not introductory and that does not have the progression to higher levels built in. The entrance requirements and content send a message that the course makes one a successful cinematic content producer which is barely attained in a three to four-year degree and which provides for articulation into an Honours or Master\'E2\'80\'99s degree. The misconception is evident in the absence of \'E2\'80\'98basic\'E2\'80\'99 and \'E2\'80\'98introductory\'E2\'80\'99 outcomes.\line \line Given the stated purpose of the qualification\'2C and the need to extend the delivery time and credits in order to attempt to meet outcomes that may not be achievable in the context of this level or type of qualification\'2C it is the view of the Directorate that the Higher Certificate as proposed does not meet the requirements of the HEQSF for a Higher Certificate. The Directorate does note\'2C however\'2C that the Institution does see that its graduates will be able to articulate into higher level qualifications in the field. The Directorate is of the view that the Institution does not appear to understand the educational purpose of a Higher Certificate \'28rather than its stated professional or industry purpose\'29. The evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s view is that the Institution has failed to amend the qualification as required in the representation. \line \line The Institution contests reason 2 for non-accreditation asserting that the incoherence is not valid as the course content relates to cinematic content creation. The allocation of 7 credits to the web module is justified as students are not expected to build online \'5Bweb\'5D platforms. The evaluator finds that the course is coherent and that 7 credits for Web Development on a basic level is acceptable. \line \line The Institution\'E2\'80\'99s response to the lack of marketing materials is that it is unable to provide this as legislation forbids advertising prior to accreditation. The evaluator notes that the programme is on the institutional website. However\'2C the Directorate notes that the programme does not appear on the website as a \'E2\'80\'98higher certificate\'E2\'80\'99. The evaluator notes that the application refers to marketing media such as Digital Platforms\'2C Print media and PR activities\'2C the website and other appropriate activities\'2C including PR activations\'2C School Talks\'2C and so on. The evaluator then comments that these \'E2\'80\'9Cactive\'E2\'80\'9D marketing processes should have been included in the representation and finds that the response is not acceptable. Regardless\'2C the Directorate notes that the Institution has not demonstrated that \'E2\'80\'9CRecruitment documentation informs potential students of the programme accurately and sufficiently\'E2\'80\'9D as required by Criterion 2. \line \line The Institution admits its mistake in respect of the conflation of CAT and RPL. The evaluator notes that the Institution should resubmit its RPL Policy. The Certification Policy will be rectified to address the question of lost certificates. The evaluator finds the response sufficient. The Institution is of the view that its budget is sufficient \'E2\'80\'98to maintain an excellent standard of equipment\'E2\'80\'99\'2C however the evaluator is of the view that the budget may be sufficient for computer hardware and software however there is no budget for the upkeep of video production hardware\'2C and the photography equipment is not applicable to this qualification. Video production equipment is limited for 20 students. The evaluator finds that the Institution has not addressed reason 6 in sufficient detail.  \line \line The evaluator recommends that the programme not be accredited. The evaluator concludes that the Institution has addressed reason 2\'2C 4\'2C 5 and 7. However\'2C the response to reason 1\'2C which relates to the scope and breadth of the 160-credit programme is found to be insufficient. The evaluator is concerned that reason 3\'2C relating to marketing\'2C and reason 6\'2C relating to the budget\'2C are not adequately met.\line \line Critically\'2C the evaluator finds that the argument for a 160 credit\'2C NQF level 5 qualification is not informed by academic considerations that align to the HEQSF. Most of the documentation provided references a Higher Certificate in Professional Photography and not Cinematography for Content Creation. The use of documents from one course to another without the appropriate alignment is a concern. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Cinematography for Content Creation \'28160 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1.  The proposed programme does not meet the purpose of and align with the characteristics of a Higher Certificate as set out in the HEQSF. There is no alignment between the purpose and the rationale of the programme and the selected programme type\'2C which is evident in the Institution\'27s need to extend the credits allocated to teaching and learning and the academic reach of the programme beyond the scope of a NQF level 5 Higher Certificate.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1\'2C 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The submitted financial planning for the replacement and upkeep of computer and specialist equipment is insufficient. There is no budget for the upkeep of video production hardware\'2C and the photography equipment is not applicable to this qualification. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. The Institution did not submit copies of the planned marketing materials to allow the evaluator to make a determination if it informs potential students of the programme accurately and sufficiently. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}