{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR275\'2FE009CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Edutel Higher Education \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Retail Store Management\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line ABSA Building\line 1st Floor\line C\'2FO Ontdekkers Road and Crane Avenue\line Horison\line Roodepoort 1734\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Edutel Higher Education is a private higher education institution that is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and also has programmes accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Higher Certificate in Retail Store Management programme which will be offered in the distance mode of delivery at the Roodepoort\'2C Main Campus. \line \line The Institution offers accredited programmes in the field of Education.\line \line This is the first application from the Institution in the field of Retail Management. The following is stated in the Institutional Profile\'3A \'22Edutel Holdings comprises of Edutel Higher Education \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\'2C... Edutel Wholesale \'26 Retail Academy \'28Pty\'29 Ltd accredited with the QCTO and WRSETA and provisionally registered as a private college with DHET...\'22.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator found that Criterion 1 and 5 are in need of improvement and recommended that the Higher Certificate in Retail Store Management should be accredited with conditions. \line \line The evaluator stated that the programme is consonant with the institution\'E2\'80\'99s mission which is to be committed to academic excellence in education\'2C and the promotion of scholarship through the creation of flexible\'2C lifelong learning opportunities in an intellectually stimulating and culturally vibrant\'2C pleasant and safe environment in which students and staff can flourish.  This institution is one of the subsidiaries of Edutel Holdings \'28Pty\'29 with a business that operates in the retail environment. The rationale for developing the programme is to develop a local focus to fit the gap in the South African retail industry for finding qualified people to fulfil the Retail Manager role.  The programme thus meets national requirements and the needs of students\'2C as this distance programme aims to prepare students for retail managerial roles.  The evaluator also pointed out that the programme was benchmarked with four international training providers. The programme forms part of institutional planning and resource allocation. \line \line The Higher Certificate in Retail Store Management provides for widened access as the institution provides support for finding student placement for WIL in addition to be a distance education programme.  The evaluator pointed out that\'2C although the programme is intellectually credible\'2C it is not coherently designed.  The Orientation and preparation for the programme - Research basics and Workplace research and report - should be combined and renamed to Research Basics with the research report as an integrated assessment based on the WIL portfolio.   Currently WIL is incorrectly indicated as having a credit value of 120\'2C as it is the total credit value of the programme.  It seemed like the focus is on practical application for the whole duration of the programme.  Although a reading list of retail books has been provided\'2C no indication was provided of which books will be used for which modules or whether there are prescribed books for each module.  In the event of no prescribed books\'2C detailed module guides will need to be developed by module experts.  The evaluator found that articulation is incorrectly indicated in the application.\line \line The evaluator stated that no marketing materials have been drafted yet\'2C but the institution conducts direct marketing\'2C database marketing\'2C and cross-media marketing. A combination of promotional activities will be utilised such as posters and pamphlets to all wholesale and retail institutions\'2C social media and their website. Recruitment documentation of other programmes inform potential students accurately about these programmes as contained in the prospectus and on the website\'2C therefore it can be assumed the same will apply for this programme.  The evaluator indicated that admission and selection for this distance education programme adheres to current legislation. Widened access is provided for as this is a distance education programme.  Except for minimum admission requirements\'2C selection is capped at an initial intake of 100\'2C with 150 and 200 respectively in the following years. Potential students can be admitted via RPL by obtaining credits \'28no more than 50\'25\'29 or without a senior certificate admitted based on work and life experiences evident in portfolios.  No more than 10\'25 of the student intake will be via the RPL route.  \line \line It is stated that six academic staff members are responsible for the programme and have the relevant qualifications of at least one above the level of this programme and with adequate teaching experience. The evaluator raised concern that\'2C although both lecturers involved in the research component have a Master\'E2\'80\'99s degree\'2C they do not have any research supervision experience or publication history.  A programme coordinator has been identified that will manage the academic and administrative functions. The evaluator also noted that Edutel provides opportunities for academic staff to enhance their competences and in technical aspects such has facilitation\'2C assessment\'2C moderation\'2C programme design\'2C etc. which is offered in-house. Staff development includes the necessary upskilling of staff in areas needed and they are encouraged to undertake further studies. \line \line It is indicated that module workload was determined based on seniority and if staff are involved in more administrative issues\'2C the teaching load is less. The evaluator found the academic and support staff complement adequate for the nature and field of the programme and the size of the student body to ensure that all activities related to the programme can be carried out effectively. It is indicated that the recruitment and employment of staff follows relevant legislation and appropriate administrative procedures\'2C including redress and equity considerations in meeting BBE requirements. The institution recognises the pivotal role that technical support plays in distance education and ensures that all academic staff are familiar with distance learning processes and associated assessment procedure.  New staff receive an orientation programme about policies\'2C procedures and systems of the institution.  It is of concern that some of the support staff do not have a senior certificate\'2C yet are working in finance and as project managers as detailed in the support staff and contractors document. Although they seem to have worked at the institution for a long period of time and may have acquired knowledge and skills\'2C it is still of concern.  The part-time staff are highly qualified.  There is constant consultation with a reputable IT company and internet communication\'2C and for assistance with the compilation of DVDs\'2C Facebook page\'2C etc. A project manager and project coordinators are responsible for the various rollout plans\'2C including contact session arrangements\'2C exam venues\'2C registration of students at the venues\'2C etc. \line \line The evaluator noted that Edutel gives recognition to the importance of promoting student learning. The teaching and learning strategy is appropriate for the distance education mode as reflected in the institution\'27s mission to deliver quality teaching and learning. It is stated that the programme will be delivered by means of integrating both the benefits of the contact mode of delivery and using latest distance education methodologies such as Moodle\'2C including interactive webinars\'2Fzoom meetings\'2C email\'2C SMS\'E2\'80\'99s\'2C and WhatsApp. The training model is based on collaborative learning through interactive activities. The two-day contact sessions every semester could further add to a trusting relationship between students and lecturers. The teaching and learning strategy contain mechanisms to ensure the appropriateness of teaching and learning methods with plans for implementation. All study materials are developed by a team of subject specialists in conjunction with distance education advisors incorporating the latest technology\'2C thorough research and submission for external peer review. Special attention is paid to adult learning\'2C and strategies aimed at encouraging self-directed and reflexive thinking and learning. The evaluator also stated that the teaching strategy sets targets and mechanisms to monitor progress\'2C evaluate impact and effect improvement. Underperforming students are identified by the Registrar and Assessment Manager and are required to attend compulsory webinars\'2Fzoom meetings to enhance learning and be expected to re-submit formative assessment activities for review. Facilitators provides support with the research module and research project A concern raised by the evaluator is how 100\'2B students will receive support for their research project by the facilitators.  Evaluation and feedback on learning materials are submitted by students and facilitators after each contact session and there is an annual review by the Academic Head and module coordinators. \line \line The evaluator also noted that the distance education mode of delivery has appropriate policies and procedures for online assessment. For each module\'2C there is one formal formative assignment and a summative examination assessment at identified examination centres.  All modules must be passed by achieving 50\'25 or more after the \'28weighted\'29 average is calculated for the formative and summative assessments. Discussions and guidance on each activity form part of the interactive learning materials. In the assessment policy document\'2C it is indicated that students will have three total summative\'2Fexamination opportunities per module. Feedback on each formal formative activity is given via Webinars\'2Fzoom meetings\'2C Moodle and in hard copies posted to students. It is indicated that all the academic staff have experience in assessment practices. Ten percent of the assignments are sent for internal moderation. Summative assessments are internally moderated by the module coordinator and then sent for external moderation.  Assessment complaints are dealt with in accordance with the Edutel Appeals Policy. The moderation process demonstrates the explicitness and validity by showing appropriateness in the way it tests knowledge and skills required for the competencies.  \line \line As far as facilities and infrastructure is concerned\'2C the evaluator indicated that formal classrooms are available for contact sessions. These are either rented in certain centres or part of Edutel\'27s complement of venues and are booked well in advance of the contact sessions. In Gauteng\'2C Edutel has several venues which are equipped with facilities for teaching and learning and are used specifically for webinars\'2Fzoom meetings and CCCTV presentations. Examinations can take place at 12 suitable venues throughout the country. As a distance education provider\'2C students are mostly supported through online distribution channels during the teaching and learning process\'3B postal services\'2C e-mail\'2C Webinar\'2Fzoom meeting\'2C Moodle learning platform\'2C access to EBSCO host and other online libraries.  \line \line All staff have either laptops or desktops in their offices. A fully operational printing division is aligned with the IT system used. The Media Centre is located at the main campus in Gauteng and there is access to the EBSCOHOST electronic library.   Computers in the Media Centre can be used by students with Internet and wi-fi available \'28ADSL line\'29. A reputable IT consulting company is contracted to address all IT problems and queries. Daily backup of the server takes place. Academic staff receive full training on the development and delivery of webinars\'2Fzoom meetings and optimal use of Moodle.\line \line Administrative and academic information is available via the Moodle platform. The Learner Management Information System is regularly upgraded as part of the contract with Maximiser Software. All staff who use Maximiser as the MIS for the learners are trained on its use and refresher courses are provided on a regular basis.  The evaluator found that the programme has effective administrative services in order to provide the necessary information\'2C manage the programme information system\'2C deal with the diverse student population and ensure the integrity of processes leading to certification of the qualification.  From the Call Centre\'2C queries are distributed to the relevant administrative divisions for attention. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Retail Store Management \'28120 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. The programme is not coherently designed and needs redesigning.  The Orientation and preparation for the programme - Research basics and Workplace research and report should be combined and renamed to Research Basics with the research report as an integrated assessment based on the WIL portfolio.   Currently WIL is incorrectly indicated as having a credit value of 120\'2C - that is equal to the total credit value of the programme.\line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. Although a reading list of retailing books has been provided\'2C no indication was provided which books will be used for which modules or whether there are prescribed books for each module.   \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1 \'26 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. The programme articulation is incorrectly indicated in the application.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. There are inconsistencies in the academic qualifications of staff that is of concern.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. It is unclear how the research activities of 100\'2B students will be supervised in the distance mode of delivery.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1 \'26 5 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}