{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR365\'2FE004CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql BMT College\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in General Management\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 147 - 2nd Rd\line Chartwell\line 2191\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Business Management Training College \'28BMT\'29 is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training \'28DHET\'29 as a Private Higher Education Institution and has programmes accredited by the Council on Higher Education \'28CHE\'29. \line \line The Institution applied for accreditation of the Higher Certificate in General Management programme \'28previously known as the Higher Certificate in Generic Management\'29 which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 11th of March 2019 and the HEQC meeting held on the 11th April 2019.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. The Institution has not provided a sound rationale for the name of the qualification and\'2C as a result\'2C the name of the qualification does not align with the curriculum which encompasses the components of general Business Management\'2C rather than generic Business Management. \line 2. The WIL component of the programme is not adequate to support student learning. It is not clear what the length of the WIL placement will be\'2C as the submission contains several contradictions relating to the WIL component. There is a lack of adequate evidence of institutional support and arrangements that are in place to assist \'2F facilitate the placement of students for WIL as this is\line a requirement and responsibility of the Institution which cannot be passed on to students. \line 3. The assessment arrangement for WIL are not clear\'2C for example\'2C the pass mark is given as both 50\'25 and 65\'25. \line 4. The readings for the modules are insufficient if\'2C as appears to be the case\'2C these are limited to chapters taken from a single book. The texts referenced in the module outlines do not align with the resources list.\line 5. The assessment criteria are not sufficiently described and are variously indicated in the different documents.\line 6. The proposed student Admission Plan of \'27first come\'3B first served\'27 is inadequate for higher education and does not serve the demands of the programme. In addition\'2C the targeting of students between the ages of 25-35 years is contrary to the principles of widening access to higher education.\line 7. The Institution has submitted information on staffing that is inadequate and not appropriate nor are the academic staff members appropriately \'28including assessors\'29 qualified for teaching in the programme. \line 8. The Institution has not adequately addressed the issue of the staffing arrangements \'28particularity for assessment\'29 as the submitted information is not satisfactory and there is insufficient information pertaining to the use of outsourced markers\'2C and information is lacking on the criteria for the selection of these markers. \line 9. The Institution has not clearly explained the Assessment Strategy for the programme to demonstrate that it will be able to ensure the reliability\'2C integrity and validity of assessments. This is particularly the case in light of the flexible enrollment system and the fixed assessment schedule. It is also not clear why students on an online programme should be able to choose whether to submit a\line written or online assessment\'2C and how the security arrangements for either will operate.\line \line NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line The Institution should consider updating the Institutional Equity Policy.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation which was evaluated.\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the original application\'2C the evaluator\'27s report and the reasons for the representation\'2C the HEQC recommendation not to accredit the programme and the representation submitted by the Institution and recommends that the programme should not be accredited. The evaluator found that the institution did not provide sufficient information in the representation to address the concerns and reasons for non-accreditation.\line \line The rationale for the title of the qualification seemed unclear\'2C and the curriculum is not in line with a programme in General Management. In the representation\'2C the institution has changed the name of the qualification to the Higher Certificate in Business Management. They have provided a rationale for this change\'2C taking into consideration the proposed student intake and the stakeholder needs. The institution has met the requirement of this reason in their representation.\line \line The institution provided additional information on work-integrated learning. The evaluator indicated that the institution applies a fusion of work-directed theoretical learning \'28WDTL\'29\'3B problem-based learning \'28PBL\'29\'3B and project-based learning \'28PJBL\'29. This hybrid model is interchangeably referred to as Work-Integrated Learning \'28WIL\'29\'2C or Work Directed Theoretical Learning \'28WDTL\'29 in various institutional documents and policies. The institution must clarify how the three modalities that provides for WIL specifically supports student learning in this programme and how the subject outcomes\'2C the activities within these modalities and the assessment practices are aligned. Even though the institution has indicated that the workplace-based learning modality is not mandatory for this qualification\'2C the fact that they will consider the student\'E2\'80\'99s request for work placement\'2C places a responsibility on the institution beyond that of only issuing recommendation letters.  The information provided in the representation is not sufficient to address the WIL concerns. The institutional support\'2C the expected learning outcomes\'2C assessment methods and monitoring procedures for this qualification must be outlined.\line \line With regard to the assessment of WIL\'2C the pass mark has been revised to 50\'25. The institution has sufficiently addressed this reason for non-accreditation.\line \line The first evaluator found that the readings for the modules are insufficient\'2C and the texts referenced in the module outlines did not align with the resources list. The institution reviewed the module descriptors and provided a compulsory and recommended reading list with each module. The institution provided sufficient information to address the concern.\line \line The assessment criteria in the original application were not sufficiently described and did not support the learning outcomes. The evaluator found that the associated assessment criteria \'28AAC\'29 for each exit level outcome still does not measure\'2C assess and test the learning achievements expressed in each exit level outcome. The programme does not meet minimum requirements\'2C as the alignment between assessment criteria and learning outcomes is not evident. \line \line Considering the nature of the programme and the outlined programme structure\'2C the minimum admission requirements do not specify the subject combinations and the level of achievements required so as to ensure that students are selected on their ability to complete the qualification as stated in the representation.  It is not clear how the institution calculates the APS and how the APS is different from the achievement ratings per subject. The institution has partially met the requirement for this reason in their representation.  The institution must review the achievement rating for English to align with legislation\'2Fpolicy. Taking into consideration the quantitative nature of the programme\'2C the institution is required to specify the subject combinations \'28to include Maths\'2FMaths Literacy\'29 as well as the achievement ratings for the subjects that will be included. Also\'2C the institution must clarify how the institution calculates the APS and how the APS is different from the achievement ratings per subject.\line \line The first evaluator found that academic staff is not appropriately qualified to teach in this programme. The institution has submitted information on staffing that is adequate and appropriate and staff members\'2C both assessors and the one lecturer\'2C are suitably qualified. The concern however\'2C is that there is only one lecturer. This is not acceptable and the institution must appoint sufficient staff members to teach the modules according to an acceptable workload allocation model. The institution has also indicated that it will not outsource assessment to external markers\'2C and they have adequately addressed the staffing arrangements for assessments. \line \line The application did not provide clarity in terms of the assessment strategy for the programme. In the representation\'2C the institution provided the schedule of assessment and marking and explained that formative assessments are developmental assessments for learning\'2C and they are not graded\'2C while summative assessments are graded since they are assessments of learning. The evaluator notes that this programme will be delivered via distance learning\'2C but the assessment strategy does not provide information on what measures are taken to ensure that the assessment activities are designed and administered in ways that do not disadvantage students and that it makes provision for equivalence across a range of contexts. The implications for the security and integrity for decentralised assessments have not been fully identified and addressed.  \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in General Management \'28120 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The admission requirements is not specific to provide for subject combinations and achievement levels and it is therefore not clear how students are selected. Also\'2C the achievement rating for English should be reviewed.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The institution did not provide an acceptable workload allocation model. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3 and 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The institution has not clarified the WIL-component in the programme sufficiently. There is a lack of adequate evidence of institutional support and arrangements that are in place to assist \'2F facilitate the placement of students for WIL as this is a requirement and responsibility of the Institution which cannot be passed on to students.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The Institution has not clearly explained the Assessment Strategy for the\line programme to demonstrate that it will be able to ensure the reliability\'2C integrity\line and validity of assessments for the distance mode of delivery. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 6 and C\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}