{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 6th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR119\'2FE060CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Damelin \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Education  in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 480\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 504\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 4 \'2F Part-time\'3A 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Damelin Randburg\line Cnr Malibongwe Drive and Republic Road\'2C Randburg\line \line Damelin Braamfontein\line Cnr Simmonds \'26 De Korte Street\'2C Braamfontein\line \line Damelin Overport\line 92 Overport Drive \line Durban\line 4000\line \line \line Damelin Boksburg\line 224 Jacob Street\'2C Jansen Park\'2C Boksburg\line \line Damelin - Menlyn\line 138 Palala Road\line Menlo Park\line Menlyn\line \line Damelin Mowbray\line 12 Liesbeeck Parkway\'2C Mowbray\'2C Cape Town\line \line Damelin Port Elizabeth\line 10th Avenue\'2C Walmer\'2C Port Elizabeth\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Damelin \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is a Private Higher Education Institution registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and also has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Bachelor of Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 8 \'3F 9 May 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 30th of August 2018. \line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A \line \line 1. The programme submitted does not align with the requirements of MRTEQ \'282015\'29 in as far as the assessment of WIL \'28teaching practice\'29 is concerned. This is a key component of the programme. There is no evidence that the submitted curriculum is the same as the curriculum submitted to the DHET for the approval by the department. \line \line 2. The out-sourcing of the development of the learning materials in the programme is problematic and raises concerns regarding the ownership and intellectual rights of the learning materials.  \line \line 3. The spread of learning activities is not aligned with a contact mode of delivery in an undergraduate programme. It would appear that the delivery of the programme is skewed towards a distance mode of delivery. \line \line 4. No evidence has been submitted to indicate that each site where the programme will be offered has the required academic staff to offer the multiplicity of modules identified across numerous fields of subject specialisations. \line \line 5. Insufficient evidence has been submitted to indicate that the libraries per site carries the required education texts and resources needed to support the offering of the programme. \line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator reviewed the original application\'2C the first evaluator\'3Fs report\'2C the recommendation of the HEQC not to accredit the programme and the representation made and concluded that Damelin has addressed some of the concerns raised amicably\'2C but not the others. The evaluator recommended that the programme should be accredited with conditions.  \line In the HEQC recommendation it was indicated that the programme submitted did not align with the requirements of MRTEQ \'282015\'29 in as far as the assessment of WIL \'28teaching practice\'29 was concerned. The CHE also stated that there was no evidence that the submitted curriculum was the same as the curriculum submitted to the DHET for the approval by the department.  In the representation\'2C Damelin recognizes the importance of WIL and indicated that it has designed a Teaching Practice policy and two Handbooks to guide practice. This documentation has been prepared using the MRTEQ \'282015\'29 and other sources. In addition\'2C Damelin stated that it has submitted a revised curriculum and that this is the curriculum contained in the SAQA documentation \'28496 credits at level 7\'29. The institution indicated that this curriculum is the same curriculum at that submitted to the DHET \'28496 credits at level 7\'29. In evaluating the documentation submitted\'2C the evaluator found that the institution has addressed the concerns raised by the HEQC. \line The HEQC also stated in its recommendation that the outsourcing of the development of the learning materials in the programme was problematic and raised concerns regarding the ownership and intellectual rights of the learning materials. Damelin responded by indicating that contractual measures were in place regarding ownership of the modules. In terms of this Intelesi grants Educor the exclusive right to exercise the Rights of Copyright and cedes all content to Educor. The evaluator concluded that Damelin has sufficiently addressed the concern.  \line Another concern raised by the HEQC was that the spread of learning activities was not aligned with a contact mode of delivery in an undergraduate programme. It would appear that the delivery of the programme was skewed towards a distance mode of delivery. As part of the representation\'2C Damelin provided a document entitled Remediated Learning Activities Table that indicated lectures \'28face to face\'2C limited interaction or technologically mediated as 52\'25 of the learning activities\'3B tutorials \'28groups of 30 or less\'29 as 10\'25\'3B practical workplace experience \'28teaching practice\'29 as  23\'25 and independent self-study of standard texts and references as 15\'25. The evaluator found the spread of learning activities acceptable for a progamme of this nature.  \line In the HEQC recommendation it was also stated that there was no evidence submitted to indicate that each site where the programme would be offered had the required academic staff to offer the multiplicity of modules identified across numerous fields of subject specialisations. In response\'2C Damelin outlined a Strategic Recruitment Plan indicating that Damelin HR department is tasked with recruiting suitable staff. The evaluator\'2C however\'2C argued that Damelin does not appear to fully comply with the stipulation in Criterion 3 that academic staff should have relevant academic qualifications at least one level higher than the exit level of the programme. In the   Lecturer Job Description Template indicates that the minimum requirements for this position is a Bachelor\'3Fs degree. \line The HEQC recommendation also stated that Damelin had submitted insufficient evidence to indicate that the libraries per site carry the required education texts and resources needed to support the offering of the programme. The evaluator indicated that Damelin has provided limited information regarding library holdings per site relevant to the programme in the representation. The online submission explains that Libraries are equipped with relevant subject matter texts \'28audio-visuals\'2C journals etc.\'29 and that students have access to EBSCOHOST. Various documents were provided for representation purposes\'2C but none of these addresses the essence of the concern raised by the HEQC. The Damelin Resource Allocation Policy indicates that libraries need to be equipped with resources in accordance with the prescribed materials as indicated by each qualification and programme offered by the institution and that libraries must have at least one copy of every prescribed textbook for every ten students enrolled in the course for which the textbook is prescribed. The evaluator argued that only providing prescribed textbooks limits rather than broadens students\'3F knowledge creation opportunities. In addition\'2C the current library allocation plan does not seem to resonate well with the MRTEQ requirements regarding a B Ed which stipulates that the degree requires a specific depth of\'2C and specialisation in knowledge. The degree also requires intellectual independence and the development of research competence at an introductory level in the field of education\'2C specifically teaching and learning \'28MRTEQ\'2C 2015\'3A 20\'29. The evaluator therefore concluded that the current library allocation plan does not resonate well with Criterion 7 \'28iii\'29 in providing suitable and sufficient library resources which compliment the curriculum and provide incentives for students to learn according to their own needs\'2C capacity and pace.\line The Directorate recommends that the programme should not be accredited. \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Education  in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching \'28504 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  1. Damelin does not have the required academic staff members to oversee and facilitate the teaching and learning programme at the seven sites of delivery identified. In addition\'2C the Lecturer Job Description Template only requires a bachelor degree and this is not in line with the HEQC requirement of a one level up qualification requirement \'28Criterion 3\'28i\'29\'29.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. Damelin does not have the required library resources per site to support the offering of the programme. The Damelin Resource Allocation Policy should make provision so that there are a range of books available in institutional libraries in addition to prescribed textbooks. In addition\'2C the current library allocation plan does not make provision for suitable and sufficient library resources and it does not resonate well with the MRTEQ stipulation that requires a specific depth of\'2C and specialisation in knowledge. The degree also requires intellectual independence and the development of research competence at an introductory level in the field of education\'2C specifically teaching and learning \'28MRTEQ\'2C 2015\'3A 20\'29. Criterion 7 \'28iii\'29\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}