{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1051\'2FE001CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql KwaZulu-Natal College of Nursing\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Nursing\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 368\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Addington Campus\line Erskine Terrace\line South Beach\line Durban\line \line \line Benedictine Campus\line Vryheid Road \line Nongoma\line 3950\line \line Charles Johnson Memorial\line Lot No. 92 Hlubi Street\'2C Nquthu\'2C 3135\line \line Edendale Campus\line 29 Havelock Road\'2C Pietermaritzburg\'2C 3201\line \line Madadeni Campus\line Dr Nelson Mandela Road\'2C Section 2\'2C Madadeni\line \line Ngwelezana Campus\line Thanduyise Road\'2C Ngwelezane\'2C Empangeni\line \line Greys Campus\line 201 Townbush Road\'2C \line Pietermarictzburg\line 3201\line \line Prince Mshiyeni Campus\line Mangosuthu Highway\'2C Umlazi\line \line Port Shepstone Campus\line Lot 107\'2C Marine Drive\'2C Shelly Beach\'2C 4265\line \line RK Khan campus\line \line \line \line \line R.K. Khan Circle\'2C \line Westcliffe\'2C \line Chatsworth\line \line Main Campus\line 211 Pietermaritz Street\line Pietermaritzburg\line 3201\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The KwaZulu-Natal College of Nursing is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE yet.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for accreditation of a Diploma in Nursing programme which will be offered in a contact mode of delivery at the following campuses\'3A\line \line 1. 1. Addington Campus - Durban \line 2. Benedictine Campus - Nongoma \line 3. Charles Johnson Memorial - Nquthu \line 4. Edendale Campus - Pietermaritzburg \line 5. Madadeni Campus - Madadeni \line 6. Ngwelezana Campus - Empangeni \line 7. Greys Campus - Pietermaritzburg \line 8. Prince Mshiyeni Campus - Umlazi \line 9. Port Shepstone Campus - Port Shepstone \line 10. RK Khan campus - Chatsworth \line 11. Main Campus - 211 Pietermaritz Street\line \line This is the first application from the Institution.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator indicated that Criteria 1\'2C 5 and 7 do not comply with minimum standards while Criteria 2\'2C 3 and 8 are all in need of improvement. The evaluator felt that\'2C although the application is well written in the context of the ten proposed sites where the programme will be offered\'2C there are several concerns and recommended that the programme should not be accredited. \line In the evaluator\'3Fs report it is indicated that KwaZulu-Natal College of Nursing is requesting accreditation for a Diploma in Nursing\'3A Staff Nurse \'28360-credit diploma over three years\'29 that has been approved by the relevant governance structure. The first intake of the programme is planned for January 2020. The programme is consonant with the mission of KZN College of Nursing to provide accessible and affordable undergraduate and postgraduate education and training of nurses and midwives\'2Faccoucheurs competent to enhance individual\'2C family and community-based health in a culturally diverse society. The programme is structured to produce competent and caring generalist nurse with emphasis on ethos of nursing and leadership roles in the healthcare community. Graduates produced from this programme will be equipped with the skills to adapt to unexpected events\'2C utilize problem-solving and contribute to innovative solutions. The modules for the programme are congruent and intellectually credible and are developed at NQF level 5 to 6. The evaluator found the breakdown of the learning time in WIL and theoretical learning acceptable but pointed out that 39\'25 of learning time will be WIL related compared to the SAQA document requiring 54\'25 \'28197 credits\'29. The WIL related learning time in the module descriptor document is correct. This inconsistency in credit allocation to WIL must be corrected.  The evaluator stated that the rules of progression and the description of the alignment of the competencies with the NQF level are appropriate for the diploma. Provisional endorsement of SANC for the diploma has been granted\'2C but the evaluator noted that the SANC endorsement is for 9 campuses not 10 as is indicated in the application. The evaluator pointed out that no budget has been uploaded but only a statement from the principal of the college indicating that funds are motivated for as required. It is not possible to determine if the financial provisioning for the diploma is adequate. Articulation is described in line with the approved SAQA document. \line The evaluator indicated that web-based advertising\'2C mass media\'2C word of mouth\'2C open days and publications will be used for marketing\'2C but that no marketing information has been uploaded. The evaluator also noted that a Student Recruitment and Selection Policy as well as a Student Admission Procedure has been uploaded but stated that these are generic documents related to recruitment and selection\'2C but they do not provide information pertinent to the proposed programme. Enrolment numbers \'28ranging from 25-40 per site\'29 have been provided for each campus. The evaluator indicated that the RPL process is described in the application\'2C but that the RPL policy uploaded does not mention the Reg 171 or any other nursing programme specifically. Some statements in the policy requires further explanation. Widening access is described in detail.   \line As far as staffing is concerned\'2C the evaluator pointed out that the main campus has no lecturing staff but is comprised of different administrative sections\'2C and responsible for management and coordination of the programme. The evaluator provided an analysis of the lecturing staff per campus. All the sites have appropriately qualified and experienced staff. The evaluator noted that each campus has been presented separately with all CVs present\'2C the only exception is Edendale with no CVs and the information provided in the application is not clear. The evaluator found that staff meets the requirements of Reg 173 and the Nursing Training Standards. The number of educators is sufficient for a three-year diploma programme with both theoretical and clinical components. The evaluator pointed out that clinical facilitation is not indicated in the module allocation except in RK Khan campus. In the Workload Distribution Model\'2C a flat rate of 8 hours clinical supervision per week is indicated.   The college complies with Reg 173 Section 2 \'28d\'29 and Reg 171 in terms of being accountable for clinical accompaniment and clinical supervision. The evaluator also indicated that the programme has a coordinator in each campus and that the duties of the coordinator have been described clearly. Staff development policies are comprehensive and well written. Educators have various opportunities to keep themselves updated or to improve their qualifications. Strategies include study leave\'2C bursaries and sabbatical leave. The evaluator also stated that a workload distribution model has been uploaded. It is clear and indicates the workload of each lecturer. The qualification mix of all the educators in the 11 campuses as well as a plan for future development have been provided.  The evaluator also noted that several policies have been uploaded as evidence of compliance with recruiting and employing personnel according to the current legislative framework. According to the application\'2C each campus has several support staff members \'28including a librarian and IT support\'29 which are adequate to carry out the functions required.  \line The evaluator indicated that a Teaching and Learning policy has been uploaded and it indicates that teaching and learning material and strategies selected should promote a student-centred and competency-based curriculum approach. The policy focuses on the responsibilities of the student\'2C environment and educator\'2C not on the underlying principles of Teaching and Learning. The Teaching and Learning strategy is described as a competency based approach using innovative and contemporary Teaching and Learning strategies. The teaching methods described include lectures\'2C case studies\'2C group discussions\'2C simulation\'2C tutorials\'2C reflective diaries\'2C and web-based learning. Maintaining equivalence and quality teaching and learning at the various campuses is described in terms of teaching methods\'2C mode of delivery and the materials development for the achievement of the outcomes of the qualification. These will be similar in all sites and will be achieved through centralized development of materials. A subject or module sub-committee model is followed in which representatives from all campuses meet on an annual basis and as necessary to review subject\'2Fmodule content and its scope\'2C workbooks\'2C assignments\'2C reading materials and all other necessary teaching and learning aspects of the modules. Moderators join the review discussion process for each module. Recommendations from this committee are submitted to the curriculum section for consideration and presentation to the College Senate for approval. This process ensures that all staff teaching the subject have a common understanding of what is to be taught\'2C that is the depth and breadth of the content scope including relevant strategies. Equivalence in terms of student assistance and support is achieved by using similar academic assistance and support programmes. The support system is defined centrally\'2C and campuses make the necessary provisions for support in terms of the policy and the defined structure. Quality assurance of the development of materials is conducted by external moderators. The development and review of materials is undertaken by subject subcommittees\'2C curriculum committee and feedback report from students and peers. \line Academic support is described in terms of orientation\'2C usage of library\'2C clinical skills laboratory and computer laboratory. The college has an academic development officer who is responsible for tracking the academic performance\'2C monitoring poor performing students and assisting them to access additional support and or refer according to identified need and as necessary inter-alia physical and psycho-social issues. It is not clear if all campuses have such a position or whether it is done centrally. Monitoring of student progress is done through monthly reports and formative assessments. Processes to identify and support inactive students are described appropriately. The evaluator found the list of prescribed materials extensive and sufficient for a three-year programme. Programme impact will be evaluated by students\'2C stakeholders and employers to collect data in terms of curriculum content and latest information to be included in the programme\line The evaluator stated that clinical teaching and learning is not described in the application. However\'2C in the WIL related table provides the expected learning outcomes\'2C assessment methods and monitoring procedures. There is no evidence available to support WIL related teaching and learning. and the evaluator indicated that a workbook or portfolio must be provided. A WIL related policy is available that focus on the principles of WIL related teaching and learning as well as clinical assessment with no practical guidelines. The clinical component is monitored through accompaniment\'2C continuous clinical assessment\'2C clinical appraisal reports\'2C clinical workbooks\'2C reflective diaries and a portfolio of evidence. In addition\'2C student evaluations\'2C stakeholder meetings\'2C exit interviews are used. Three examples of evidence for clinical placements for the students\'3F clinical credit requirements has been provided but the evaluator stated that due to the number and the dispersed geographical locations of the 10 campuses\'2C evidence of enough clinical placement per campus is required. \line The evaluator indicated that several assessment related policies have been uploaded that cover both formative and summative as well as theoretical and clinical assessment. Both internal and external moderation is described in detail. In terms of WIL related assessments\'2C three additional policies have been provided indicating that various assessment methods will be used depending on the outcome that must be achieved. Several mechanisms to ensure explicitness of assessment including moderation\'2C preparation for the examination\'2C inter-rater reliability for clinical assessments and invigilation are described in the application. The evaluator also indicated that measures to promote staff competence in assessment practices are in place and staff are registered with SANC as assessors and moderators. It is also indicated that students can dispute a mark and the processes of feedback is described in detail in the application.  \line With reference to infrastructure and facilities\'2C the evaluator provided a detailed analysis of the facilities and resources per campus. From the analysis provided it is evident that all sites have sufficient teaching venues as well as simulation rooms but the capacity of the latter is not always indicated \'28see Benedictine\'2C Edendale\'2C Grey\'2C Ngwelezana\'2C Prince Mshiyeni and RK Khan Campus\'29. Special equipment is also listed per site but these do not appear to be sufficient in all sites \'28e.g. Addington\'2C Benedictine\'2C Charles Johnson Memorial\'2C Edendale\'2C Grey\'2C Madadeni\'2C Ngwelezana\'2C Port Shepstone\'2C Prince Mshiyeni\'2C and RK Khan Campus\'29. Some campuses describe a skills laboratory coordinator\'2C but most does not. In terms of computer equipment for student use\'2C the evaluator indicated that all campuses provide computer facilities\'2C but it is not evident whether students have internet access and Wi-Fi access. The availability of data projectors across campuses is not clear. It is also not clear if all students across the ten campuses receive IT related training. In all campuses\'2C staff members have sufficient IT infrastructure for their functioning. In terms of library capacity and access the evaluator established that no evidence was uploaded of the nursing related library inventory of the libraries. The study space and computers provided in the libraries for students varies greatly.  It is not clear what resources are carried by the libraries but it appears as though the library only has copies of prescribed books. The evaluator concluded that the library facilities are not equivalent across campuses and that for all campuses library orientation or IT support appears to be insufficient. The library budget allocation is centralized at the Web Services and Library unit of the KZN Department of Health. The College is working closely with Web Services and Library unit in planning for the procurement of library resources. The evaluator also noted that a budget is available for maintenance. No Health and Safety Report has been uploaded. \line As far as Criterion 8 is concerned\'2C it was indicated that the college uses a excel data base system. An improved student information system will be in place within the next six months. An online application has been piloted already with success. The evaluator noted that the fields of information currently gathered is not sufficient for a higher education level. The new system will enable the campuses to be interfaced with the main campus. In terms of administrative services to support the academic programme\'2C administrative support and the registrar\'3Fs office has been described. The registrar\'3Fs office provided financial\'2C human resources support\'2C student registration and logistical support. No per campus information has been provided. The evaluator noted that administrative processes to ensure the integrity of assessment practices and certification have been described in detail. A Certification Policy has been uploaded. The policy is comprehensive and detailed. \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should be accredited with conditions. \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Nursing \'28368 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. A site visit to each site will be conducted prior to the enrolment of any students to ensure that each site has the required infrastructure\'2C capacity and resources to offer the programme and that sufficient mechanisms are in place to ensure equivalence across campuses. \line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1-8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 10. No Health and Safety Report per site of delivery has been uploaded.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 2. The College must correct the inconsistency of the credit weighting of WIL as it is variously indicated in the application. In the learning activities table\'2C 39\'25 of learning time will be WIL related compared to the SAQA document requiring 54\'25 \'28197 credits\'29 and the WIL related credits in Section 1.10. The combined credits indicated in the table is 141 and does not comply with SANC Reg 171.   \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1 \'26 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 3. SANC endorsed the diploma for 9 campuses not ten as is indicated in the application \'28the main campus is excluded\'29. The College must confirm that the main campus will not be accredited as a site of delivery of the proposed programme.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 4. A budget for the development of learning material must be provided as it is not possible to ascertain if adequate funding will be available to develop the required learning materials to offer the programme. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1 \'26 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 5. The Institution must provide the marketing material and information that is pertinent to the proposed Reg 171 programme and the selection criteria required. The uploaded Recognition of Prior Learning Policy also do not mention the Reg 171 or any other nursing programme specifically. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 6. The module allocation per staff member at the Charles Johnson Memorial and Edendale Campuses were not completed and should be provided and the CVs for Edendale campus must be provided. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 7. The college has not made it explicit if all sites have an academic development officer who is responsible for tracking the academic performance\'2C monitoring poor performing students and assisting them to access additional support. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 8. Due to the number and the dispersed geographical locations of the ten campuses where the programme is to be offered\'2C evidence of sufficient clinical placement per campus is required.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\'2C 3\'2C 5 \'26 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 9. The Institution has not always provided detailed information regarding the capacity of the simulation laboratories in the context of the annual or enough detail on the resources available in the simulation laboratory. No library inventory has been made available for any of the campuses and detail on the libraries available is not always clear. It appears that some campuses have Wi-Fi but the majority not. For all campuses library orientation or IT support appears to be insufficient. Information is required.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}