{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1052\'2FE002CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Modus Data and Architecture Pty Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Information Technology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Randburg Campus\line 6th floor 291 Surrey Avenue Surrey Place\line Randburg\line 2194\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Modus Data and Architecture Pty \'28Ltd\'29 is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a Private Higher Education Institution and has no programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Diploma in Information Technology programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 19th \'E2\'80\'93 21st November 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 14th of February 2019.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line \line 1. The Institution has submitted a programme that has critical design weaknesses. The credit allocation to the Experiential Learning component is not appropriate for the qualification type. As such\'2C the Institution needs to provide evidence to ensure that the experiential placement is appropriate at the various work sites and that the quality standard of experiential training is consistent for all students at the diverse work-sites and that it is in line with the demand of the programme.\line \line 2. The module Entrepreneurship is stated as an elective\'2C but this is not included in the list of modules that have been submitted.\line \line 3. The time allocation in the delivery of the programme requires redistribution\'2C particularly the time allocated to teaching and learning activities\'2C tutorials and independent self-study.\line \line 4. The Institution has not provided details with regard to the projected student Enrolment Plan. More details clarifying the admission requirements relating to at least five years post-secondary school experience in the IT field in order for students to be accepted on the programme should be submitted.\line \line 5. The Institution has not demonstrated that there is adequate capacity in terms of the academic staff members who are qualified to teach on the programme in relation to the envisaged student intake as this information is unclear. In addition\'2C while appropriate for an initial in-take of students\'2C the Institution has not provided a staffing plan for accommodating the 2nd and final year students in the forth-coming years.\line \line 6. The Institution has not submitted evidence of the process and structure for external moderation processes planned for the programme.\line \line 7. The Institution has not provided evidence that the library at least has copies of the text books if these are not available on the virtual library\'2C and reference resource material associated with the modules of the programme. The services of a librarian are also needed to support staff members and students.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line With regard to experiential learning and weaknesses in the design of the programme\'2C the evaluator is of the view that the institution did not meet the reason. In the Advanced Computing principles module under DP mark weighting assignments counts 40\'25 towards the final mark\'2C the problem however with the table is that instead of the module name \'E2\'80\'9CAdvanced Computing Principles\'E2\'80\'9D the name \'E2\'80\'9CNetwork I\'E2\'80\'9D appears. A further problem with the explanation and the table is the contradictory statements. In the table it is indicated that semester mark contributes 50\'25 and exam 50\'25 but under calculation it is indicated that the DP mark contributes 40\'25 and examination mark 60\'25 for degree purposes. It is not clear how the institution can offer a module for degree and diploma with different weights\'3F This notion of \'25 contribution which differ between diploma and degree for the same module is not acceptable. The institution does not even have a degree programme. In the Business Informatics outline provided under the mark calculation table Principles of Accounting is used instead of the module name Business Informatics. Database systems I is based on MCSA guide to Microsoft SQL server 2012\'2C existing certification Microsoft. Documentation Analysis and Design I has the same problem identified in the Advance Computing Principles outline\'2C where they use Networking I as the module name in the table explaining weight allocation towards final mark. A further concern is that the outcomes \'E2\'80\'9CDocumentation Analysis and Design I as well as number II\'E2\'80\'9D outcomes and prescribed book is exactly the same. The \'E2\'80\'9CEnd User Computing\'E2\'80\'9D module is also using the Microsoft MS Office 2013 textbook which is used in Microsoft certification. The module outlines is also an exact duplication of the Damelin course. The institution is even using the same course code as Damelin\'E2\'80\'99s Higher Certificate modules. It might be because the majority of people who Modus indicated that will be lecturers in the program currently are employed by Damelin. The module outline for \'E2\'80\'9CSystem Software\'E2\'80\'9D is also a match to Damelin \'E2\'80\'9CSystem Software\'E2\'80\'9D module. The only difference is the version of the textbook. The outcomes of the modules are exactly the same. The assessment criteria for \'E2\'80\'9CNetworking I and II\'E2\'80\'9D is the same\'2C Networking I has 3 outcomes more than Networking II.The institution failed to address the weaknesses identified by the initial application. Similarities between modules and Damelin Higher Certificate modules have been detected as well.\line \line With regard to the institutional profile\'2C the evaluator has indicated that throughout all the documents the logo of DynamicDNA is used and not the name of the institution. The modules between the institution and Damelin are the same. \line \line In relation to admission requirements\'2C the institution view Mathematics and Mathematic Literacy on the same level.\line The admission requirements have not been clarified sufficiently. \line \line The institution does not have sufficient facilities to handle the number of expected students. The institution does not have sufficient IT equipment to start offering a Diploma in IT in the institutional profile it is indicated that they only have 36 computers and they plan to take in 200 1st year students. With only 1 room to teach in. The list provided relation to special equipment only indicates which software they would need not what they already have. The library holdings list provided did not demonstrate or indicate at all how many books they plan to purchase or what type of books. The financial management policy still has red and yellow highlighted text in the document not sure if it is a still a work in progress. The textbook list provided contains books which are very outdated. A further concern is that there are a huge similarity between modules and books used between the institution and Damelin for the same programme. \line \line With regard to moderation\'2C the institution does not understand that HE programme are not SETA accredited. It is unclear why SETA need to validate and declare a student competent\'2C except if they want to claim from SETA. A student studying at the institution cannot be awarded a certificate by the institution and a SETA certificate. The policy for certification is definitely not designed for HE purposes. In the moderation policy it is indicated that at least 10\'25 of assessments will be moderated but in the application mention is made of 25\'25. In the re-representation the institution indicates that the lecturers will be responsible to compile assignments\'2C tests and exams but in all other documents it is indicated that assessors will be appointed. The RPL policy is also not sufficient for HE purposes. The institution also fail to understand the difference between RPL and exemption. \line \line With regard to staffing\'2C the planned staff is not sufficient nor qualified enough to teach in the programme. Furthermore the majority are still employed at Damelin. There are also many discrepancies in the qualifications of the individuals between the application\'2C CV\'E2\'80\'99s and re-representation documents. The fixed term contract example provided is registered under Dynamic DNA \'28Pty\'29 Ltd. Furthermore the contract does not indicate that it is a contract for lecturer rather a facilitator\'2Fmentor. A lecturer is not a mentor. The analysis of staff is also not sufficient for the delivery of the programme. The organigram for the institutional management and academic structurer was provided for DynamicDNA. Ms Mohube has been the academic head and receptionist since 2016\'2C and are not suitable qualified to be the academic head for an IT qualification.  \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Information Technology \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql From a provider\'2Finstitutional point of view\'2C it is pointed out throughout all the documents the logo of DynamicDNA is used and not the name of the institution. The modules between the institution and Damelin are the same. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql It is unclear why SETA need to validate and declare a student competent. A student studying at the institution cannot be awarded a certificate by the institution and a SETA certificate.The policy for certification is not designed for HE purposes.\line \line Conflicting information has been submitted concerning the In the Moderation Policy.n the institution indicates that the lecturers will be responsible to compile assignments\'2C tests and exams but in all other documents it is indicated that assessors will be appointed.\line \line The RPL policy is also not sufficient for HE purposes. The institution also fail to understand the difference between RPL and exemption. \line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The admission requirements have not been clarified sufficiently. The Institution\'27s view of Mathematics and Mathematic Literacy on the same level. Furthermore\'2C the institution is conflicted in terms of SETA requirements and higher education requirement as regulated by the CHE.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The described articulation and the possibilities of the programme is not sufficient. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The Financial Management Policy still has red and yellow highlighted text in the document  and does not indicates that it is still a work in progress.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The Institution does not have sufficient facilities to handle the number of expected students. The list provided relation to special equipment only indicates which software they would need not what they already have. The library holdings list provided did not demonstrate or indicate at all how many books they plan to purchase or what type of books.  The textbook list provided contains books which are very outdated.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The institution failed to explain where syndicate groups would fit in. The institution also failed to indicate how many tutorials there will be\'2C for which modules and will it be conducted by lecturer and or an e-tutor. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The institution failed to provide the WIL logbook or WIL policy which they made mention of. With regard to WIL the students will not be able to be at the company and at the institution at the same time or to complete the outcomes in 3 consecutive months. The experiential learning proposed by the institution is weakly designed.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The Institution has not provided sufficient evidence about staff and academic management in order to deliver and support the programme. There are inconsistencies between CV\'27s provided and the qualifications captured in the application. The organogram for the institutional management and academic structure were provided for DynamicDNA. The identified academic head is not suitable qualified to be the academic head for an IT qualification. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3 \'26 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The programme has been poorly designed and there a several inconsistencies in the programme that have not been clarified. The institution failed to address the weaknesses identified by the initial application. Similarities between modules and Damelin Higher Certificate modules have been detected as well.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The SAQA document is also incomplete with no indication of modules to select from or details required for an application. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}