{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1128\'2FE001CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Kwa-Zulu Natal College of Emergency Care \'28Public\'29 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate\'3AEmergency Medical Care\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 125\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 89 McCord Road\line Overport \line 3200\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Kwa-Zulu Natal College of Emergency Care is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE yet. \line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Higher Certificate in Emergency Medical Care programme which will be offered in a contact mode of delivery at 89 McCord Road\'2C Overport\'2C Main Campus.\line \line This is the first application from the Institution.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator indicated that all the criteria meet minimum standards and recommended that the programme should be accredited. The CHE will undertake a site visit to verify that the Institution has the capacity to offer higher education programmes that complies with the required minimum standards to ensure quality programme offering in the distance mode of delivery. \line \line According to the evaluator the proposed Higher Certificate in Emergency Medical Care is aligned with the vision\'2C mission and goals of the Kwa-Zulu Natal College of Emergency Care \'28KZN COEC\'29.  In addition\'2C it is aligned with the National Emergency Care Education and Training Policy \'28NECET\'29\'2C aimed at improving emergency care education and training to provide practitioners with a career path and redress past inequalities. Being the new entry level qualification for the emergency care profession\'2C graduates will have improved patient care abilities\'2C due to better theoretical knowledge and practical skills.  They will be able to work on ambulances under the guidance of higher qualified emergency medical personnel.  The programme is aligned with the requirements of the Professional Board for Emergency Care \'28PBEC\'29 of the Health Professions Council of South Africa \'28HPCSA\'29 and supported by the Professional Board.  Graduates will be eligible to register with the HPCSA as Emergency Care Assistants. The programme has national and international credibility.  The programme was approved by the College\'E2\'80\'99s governance structures. \line \line The programme will be offered as a contact programme\'2C over one year\'2C on a full-time basis.  The evaluator stated that the time set to complete the qualification is adequate and aligned with similar programmes at recognized Higher Education Institutions. In accordance with the nature of the Institution and the type of qualification\'2C the programme has a vocational orientation.  The proposed programme meets the national requirements for a Professional Higher Certificate at NQF level 5\'2C with a total of 125 credits\'2C all at NQF level 5.  All modules are compulsory.  The evaluator found that constructive alignment and coherence are evident in the structure of the programme.  The programme design offers adequate depth of knowledge and will equip successful students with the necessary skills to render a meaningful service to the community in which they serve.  \line \line The mode of delivery is Contact Learning\'2C with at least 65\'25 of learning time contributed by contact sessions.  Exit level outcomes are clearly stipulated and aligned with the purpose of the qualification\'2C as well as with assessment criteria.  Learning outcomes in each module are clearly defined and aligned with teaching and learning activities\'2C as well as with assessment criteria and techniques.  The outcomes\'2C as well as assessment criteria\'2C are clearly communicated to students in a study guide for each module.  Different types of learning activities are contained in all the modules\'2C in order to relate to different learning styles of students.  The evaluator also stated that the design of the programme maintains an appropriate balance between theoretical\'2C practical and experiential knowledge and skills.  The programme is coherently planned\'2C and assessment techniques will contribute to ensure sufficient theoretical and practical knowledge and skills.  \line \line Experiential learning\'2C as well as workplace-based learning\'2C contributes 20\'25 of learning time.  The \'E2\'80\'9CClinical Practice\'E2\'80\'9D module\'2C contributing 30 credits\'2C is indicated as completely contributing to WIL.  These aspects are applicable to a professional qualification of this nature and aligned with the requirements of the Professional Board.  The evaluator also indicated that WIL is well organized\'2C supervised and appropriately assessed.  The Clinical Practice Coordinator is responsible for all aspects of experiential learning.  In addition\'2C students receive onsite tutoring by COEC lecturers.  Organisation of WIL is aligned with the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s Work Integrated Learning Policy as well as the requirements set by the HPCSA.  A Memorandum of Understanding exists between the KZN COEC and the KZN Department of Health\'2C to enable placement of students at the hospitals\'2C Community Health Care and Primary Health Care facilities in the Ethekwini District. The programme offers vertical articulation to a Diploma in Emergency Care at NQF 6\'2C or a Bachelor of Health Sciences in Emergency Medical Care at NQF 8.  Horizontal articulation is possible with Allied Health qualifications\'2C or an Advanced Diploma in Medical Rescue.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme is marketed internally\'2C as well as at departmental and district meetings and forums.  Long-term marketing strategies include education and training of school leavers for employment in the public sector\'2C as well as career pathing for staff employed by the KZN Department of Health.  The evaluator found that admission and selection criteria are appropriate for the nature of the programme and the degree of complexity of learning required.  The planned enrolment is an intake of 30 students in the first year the programme will be offered\'2C followed by an intake of 60 students in the second year and 62 students per year in the subsequent two years.  RPL will be considered and is governed by the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s RPL Policy and guidelines.  The evaluator indicated that various measures are applied to widen access to the programme.  \line \line With regards to Criterion 3\'2C the evaluator stated that an adequate number of appropriately qualified and experienced academics and support personnel are available to deliver the programme.  An appropriately qualified and experienced Programme Coordinator\'2C whose roles and responsibilities are clearly defined\'2C is responsible to manage programme delivery. Policies are in place to ensure continuous development of staff members. Various opportunities exist\'2C such as managerial training\'2C training in assessment\'2C facilitators training\'2C moderators training\'2C as well as Advanced Cardiac Life Support and Advanced Trauma Life Support courses.  Lecturers may apply for bursaries\'2C as well as study leave to attend these courses.  In accordance with the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s assessment policies\'2C all academic staff should be in possession of an Assessors and Moderators certificate from a recognized institution.  The evaluator noted that a general staff workload model is applied to all academic staff.  Work allocation includes community engagement and upliftment programmes.  Recruitment and appointment of academic and support personnel occur according to legislation and policies are in place to govern these appointments. In addition\'2C employment occurs according to equity requirements\'2C aligned with the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s Employment Equity Plan.  The evaluator also found that an adequate number of academic staff members are available to deliver the programme\'2C including a dedicated Programme Coordinator. Specialised support personnel are employed as well.  These include an onsite Health Information Technology \'28IT\'29 department\'2C as well as a dedicated administrative support officer for the programme.  In addition\'2C the Institution submitted a request to the Department of Health to employ a librarian or library assistant to supervise both the library and the computer laboratory.  \line \line As far as Teaching and Learning is concerned\'2C it is stated that it is aligned with the mission and goals of the KZN COEC. The Teaching and Learning Strategy promotes a student-centred\'2C outcomes-based approach that encourages independent and lifelong learning.  A variety of teaching methods are used in order to accommodate different styles of learning.  During experiential learning and WIL\'2C teaching methods such as one-on-one instruction and demonstration\'2C real life supervised clinical practice\'2C direct observation of clinical practice\'2C as well as practical simulation scenarios and skills teaching\'2C are used. The evaluator observed that students are well supported by various means by means of peer and mentorship programmes.  Lecturers and the Programme Coordinator have set consultation times to provide academic support. During WIL students are supported by means of constant supervision by clinical practitioners\'2C a dedicated Clinical Practice Coordinator and onsite tutoring by COEC lecturers. The evaluator\'2C furthermore\'2C indicated that constructive alignment is evident in the programme\'E2\'80\'99s curriculum\'2C with the module content and assessments well aligned with the learning outcomes and exit level outcomes.  All the outcomes\'2C as well as assessment criteria\'2C are clearly communicated to students in the study guide for each module. Measures are in place to identify at-risk and underperforming students early.  These students are referred to the Programme Coordinator for further assistance.  Monthly faculty meetings serve to address student progress and the effect of intervention strategies. To ensure quality of teaching and learning\'2C students evaluate programmes on a regular basis.  This includes evaluation of modules\'2C units\'2C assessments and clinical practice.  Programme impact is further evaluated by monitoring of graduates.  \line \line With regards to assessment\'2C it is pointed out that provision is made for both formative and summative assessment in this programme\'2C although not all modules have summative assessment.  All assessment practices are aligned with the KZN COEC Assessment Policy\'2C to ensure fair\'2C valid and reliable assessment. Formative assessment opportunities include various assessment methods\'2C such as written assessments\'2C presentations\'2C Portfolios of Evidence\'2C assignments and practical assessments.  WIL is assessed by methods such as direct observation and reports by the supervising clinical practitioner\'2C reflective reports\'2C Portfolios of Evidence\'2C case study presentations and formal assessment in real life clinical settings.  Internal and external moderation of assessments occur in accordance with the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s policies. All assessments are internally moderated\'2C while summative assessments are moderated by adequately and appropriately qualified and experienced external moderators.  All external moderator reports are submitted to the Professional Board for Emergency Care of the HPCSA. It is also noted that policies are in place to deal with aspects like appeals\'2C settling of disputes\'2C cheating and plagiarism. In accordance with the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s assessment policies\'2C all academic staff should be in possession of an Assessors and Moderators certificate from a recognized institution. Policies and procedures are in place for record keeping\'2C adjustment of marks\'2C examination security\'2C as well as dealing with ethical issues\'2C like plagiarism. \line \line The evaluator indicated that the College has the infrastructure to successfully deliver the programme. The facility includes a furnished and well equipped classroom\'2C two simulation rooms\'2C a fully equipped Skills laboratory and an onsite hall to accommodate larger groups for forums or practical sessions\'2C as well as a COEC boardroom.  Rooms for smaller group activities are available as well.  The Programme Coordinator has an individual office.  Each simulation room is equipped with an advanced life support manikin\'2C as well as all the required medical and clinical equipment. A fully equipped computer laboratory with internet and intranet connectivity contains 17 computers.  All staff members involved in the programme has access to the necessary electronic equipment\'2C such as personal desktop and laptop computers and internet access.  IT support is provided by the departmental IT division.  Students and staff have access to an onsite library\'2C which is updated and improved annually.  An adequate budget is available to this regard. In addition\'2C a large online library is available as well.  It is noted that the College conforms with Occupational Health and Safety regulations\'2C as well as HPCSA PBEC protocols and guidelines for clinical work.  In addition\'2C an adequately trained OHS representative is present on site.  \line \line The evaluator notes that the programme has dedicated administrative support staff.  The Registrar supervises administrative staff responsible for data capturing and record keeping. Assessment results are electronically captured on the COEC\'E2\'80\'99s Management Information System\'2C SkillSMART \'28Skill System Monitoring and Reporting Tool\'29.  The database is encrypted\'2C backed-up and provides restricted access.  Reports may be generated regarding individual and course information.  Since students do not have access to SkillSMART\'2C a student portal is under development. Policies and procedures are in place to govern certification.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate\'3AEmergency Medical Care \'28125 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Long-term\b0 \line 1. The CHE will undertake a site visit to verify that the Institution has the capacity to offer higher education programmes that complies with the required minimum standards to ensure quality programme offering in the distance mode of delivery. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1 - 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}