{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1047\'2FE010CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Morentho Institute SA\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Degree in Furniture Making and Design\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Morentho Institute  Sa\line No 39 Rosettenville  Rd\'2C\line Village main\line Faraday\line Johannesburg \line Gauteng Province \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line Morentho Institute SA is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is applying for the accreditation of a BA Furniture Making and Design \'28H\'2FPR1047\'2FE010CAN\'29 which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at Main Campus \line \line The institution has also applied for the accreditation of the following programme which is still in process\line \line \'3F Diploma in Furniture Making and Design - H\'2FPR1047\'2FE003CAN\line \line The institution has also applied for the accreditation of a number of programmes in the field of Design and Economics and Business Management which are still in process.\line \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator is of the view that the programme not be accredited as it is lacking in terms of the minimum requirements for Criteria 1 and 3.\line \line The programme is in line with the mission of the institution. The institution is Institute submitting its first set of qualifications for accreditation. The aim of the programme is to develop students that will have the ability to design furniture\'2C have expert knowledge in furniture design and also have ability to manufacture furniture \'28machinists\'29. The evaluator is concerned about the institution also claiming that the programme will deliver interior designers\'2C since this discipline requires a far broader and in depth understanding of spatial as well as building and construction design knowledge. The degree is correctly presented as a 360 credit programme with exit level at NQF 7. The programme structure is described as a 3 year full time or 4 year part-time programme with a series of compulsory modules. The programme design is problematic in a number of ways. \line \line The NQF levels associated with modules are randomly presented from year 1 to 3. All the modules presented in year 1\'2C are offered at NQF level 7. It is impossible for students to commence with the highest NQF level at a first year level. In the entire programme only two modules are offered at NQF 5 of which one is in year 2 and one in year 3. These two modules contributes to 35 credits of the total credit value of the programme. Three modules are offered at NQF 6 and contributes to 44 credits of the programme. The total credit value adds to 348 credits not 360 credits. In the Bachelor Degree outline included in the submission the programme is identified as 384 credits. The experiential learning modules \'28described as 20 credits\'29 is not included on the modules outline or indicated the module in the programme structure that it is linked to. The institution has indicated the learning activities as both contact and distance. The programme is presented as contact learning and the institution needs to clarify the distance option identified in the table.\line \line The CESM Classification is presented as\'3A 01 Agriculture\'2C Agricultural Operations and Related Sciences\'2C First order - 0110 Forestry and Wood Sciences\'2C Second order - 011001 Wood and Wood Product Sciences. This CESM category is not understood in relation to the programme purpose and the focus of the programme offering. The aim of the programme is to deliver designers. The programme design and modules relates mostly to programmes offered in CESM 0302. The programme describes that major modules as follows\'3A \'3FThe major subjects in the undergraduate programme are practical ones that aim at developing students design skills. These include creative\'2C analytical\'2C and critical thinking\'3B visualisation\'3B freehand drawing and freehand rendering\'3B computer modelling and computer rendering\'3B engineering drawing\'3B oral communication and personal presentation\'3B model making and prototyping. The theory subject\'27s complement and support the practical ones by providing knowledge vital for putting acquired skills to use. The module names does not show core or fundamental modules that are extended or scaffolded over a 3 year period. This makes it difficult to determine the core focus of the programme as well the programme alignment between the title of the programme\'2C the CESM category and module outcomes. Module outcomes are not clearly or correctly described in the HEQC document or SAQA document.\line \line The institution makes the following statement in the SAQA document\'3A \'3FThe type of program offered by ... is all globally recognized qualification.  Students can choose either a 4 year undergraduate Diploma at ... and graduate with a Bachelor of Arts \'28BA\'29\'2C Bachelor of Commerce \'28BCom\'29\'2C or Bachelor of Science \'28BSc\'29 or a 4 year sandwich course which includes one year\'3Fs professional experience in industry\'3F. This is not making sense and has to be clarified. There is overall inconsistency in describing the programme across different academic years.\line \line The Directorate is of the view that the programme is more practical in nature than academic. The institution must consider developing the programme as a Diploma programme with a practical and vocational focus.\line \line Student recruitment\'2C admission and selection are described in a generic manner and address admission to all programmes offered in the institution. \line \line With regard to staffing\'2C three full time staff members of which two with M qualifications\'2C will be taking part in the offering on the programme. The two M qualifications are however in areas that do not relate to the programme. One full-time staff member has an M qualification in Fashion Business Managements and another in MCom in Transport Management. These lecturers can possibly provide experience in the Business modules\'2C but the submission indicates that these two staff members will offer modules in Furniture Design and Furniture Making principles respectively. They have industry experience but do not have education experience. A programme co-ordinator has been appointed for the programme and all aspects that relates to managing the programme have been addressed. The programme co-ordinator has qualifications in Finance and Accounting\'2C and MA in Political Economy. The core focus area of the programmes is therefore not addressed through the staff compliment as presented in the submission. The size of staffing and capacity is difficult to determine as no numbers have been provided. Generic statements\'2C that relates to higher education is presented and not showing the relevance to the programme. It makes it difficult to determine the number of students in relation to the full and part-time staff compliment. It further mentions that staff have a minimum of two years academic experience\'2C that they are actively taking part in research and that they are appropriately qualified to perform academic functions\'2C but the list of people included does not verify these claims.\line \line The institution states in the submission that the teaching and learning practices are designed to take in consideration the institutions vision and mission and focus areas. This criterion repeats information that has already been thorough described\'2C but aims to highlight the recruitment of students\'2C advertisement of the programme\'2C staff qualification and the student intake and equity. However that vast majority of the information is generic information that relates to programmes offered in the institution and it does not indicate information that is pertinent to the offering of the programme. The Directorate is of the view that the institution has to provide a unique teaching and learning strategy for this particular programme with a practical nature.\line \line Formative\'2C summative and continuous assessment is described in the submission. Regular inclusion of assessments that forms part of the teaching and learning process is clearly presented. Feedback and communication of assessments are included. Internal and external moderators are appointed and monitored by the faculty. Lecturers need to be competent in the assessment process they employ in the teaching and learning process. Appeals and grievances process is included in the assessment process.\line \line The facilities described appear to be adequate. IT resources and services and adequate and thorough discussed in the submission. The library services and resources as also thoroughly described and include reference to e-books. The library has computers with appropriate software installed and has a library helpdesk for students and staff.\line \line Programme administrative services appear to be adequate. The assessment process\'2C in relation to certification and administration\'2C is thoroughly explained and a policy that explain the process of certification is attached. This policy describes all aspects that relates to the certification process.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Degree in Furniture Making and Design \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The institution also claims that the programme will deliver interior designers\'2C since this discipline requires a far broader and in depth understanding of spatial as well as building and construction design knowledge. This has to be clarified.\line \line The NQF levels associated with modules are randomly presented from year 1 to 3. All the modules presented in year 1\'2C are offered at NQF level 7. It is impossible for students to commence with the highest NQF level at a first year level. In the entire programme only two modules are offered at NQF 5 of which one is in year 2 and one in year 3. The programme has to be redesigned and restructured.\line \line The total credit value of the programme adds to 348 credits not 360 credits. In the Bachelor degree outline included in the submission\'2C the programme is identified as having 384 credits. These inconsistencies in the programme credits have to be clarified.\line \line The experiential learning modules \'28described as 20 credits\'29 is not included on the modules outline or indicated the module in the programme structure that it is linked to. More information is needed regarding the WIL component in the structure of the programme. \line \line The institution has indicated the learning activities as both contact and distance. The programme is presented as contact learning and the institution needs to clarify the distance option identified in the table.\line \line The CESM classification is presented as\'3A 01 Agriculture\'2C Agricultural Operations and Related Sciences\'2C First order - 0110 Forestry and Wood Sciences\'2C Second order - 011001 Wood and Wood Product Sciences. This CESM category is not understood in relation to the programme purpose and the focus of the programme offering. The aim of the programme is to deliver designers. The CESM classification has to be reconsidered and corrected.\line \line The module names does not show core or fundamental modules that are extended or scaffolded over a 3 year period. This makes it difficult to determine the core focus of the programme as well the programme alignment between the title of the programme\'2C the CESM category and module outcomes.\line \line Module outcomes are not correctly presented in the HEQC submission and the SAQA document. Some module outcomes do not align with the level of the modules. The module outcomes have to be revised and correctly presented.\line \line The institution makes the following statement in the SAQA document\'3A \'C3\'83\'C2\'A2\'C3\'A2\'E2\'80\'9A\'C2\'AC\'C3\'85\'E2\'80\'9CThe type of program offered by ... is all globally recognized qualification.  Students can choose either a 4 year undergraduate Diploma at ... and graduate with a Bachelor of Arts \'28BA\'29\'2C Bachelor of Commerce \'28BCom\'29\'2C or Bachelor of Science \'28BSc\'29 or a 4 year sandwich course which includes one year\'C3\'83\'C2\'A2\'C3\'A2\'E2\'80\'9A\'C2\'AC\'C3\'A2\'E2\'80\'9E\'C2\'A2s professional experience in industry\'C3\'83\'C2\'A2\'C3\'A2\'E2\'80\'9A\'C2\'AC\'C3\'82\'C2\'9D. This statemenet has to be clarified. \line \line The programme is more practical in nature than academic. The institution must consider developing the programme as a Diploma programme with a practical and vocational focus.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The institution has to provide a unique teaching and learning strategy for this particular programme with a practical nature.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The staff listed to teach in the programme has qualifications that are not relevant to the subject areas of the programme. The core focus area of the programmes is therefore not addressed through the staff compliment as presented in the submission. The staff list has to be revised.\line \line The programme coordinator has qualifications in Finance and Accounting\'2C and MA in Political Economy. The programme coordinator has to be replaced.\line \line The size of staffing and capacity is difficult to determine as no numbers have been provided. The staff capacity has to be described against projected student numbers.\line \line The institution stated that staff have a minimum of two years academic experience\'2C that they are actively taking part in research and that they are appropriately qualified to perform academic functions\'2C but the list of people included does not support these claims.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3 and 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}