{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1142\'2FE007CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Pearson Institute of Higher Education\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Art \'26 Design\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Pretoria Campus \line Menlyn Learning Hub\'2C 22 Umgazi Street\'2C Ashlea Gardens\'2C Pretoria\'2C 0081\line \line Durbanville Campus \line Kaapzicht 9 Roger Street TYGERVALLEY 7530\line \line Bedfordview Campus\line 9 Concorde Road East Bedfordview\line \line Midrand Campus\line 44 Alsatian Road\line Glen Austin\'2C Extension 3\line Midrand 1685\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Pearson Institute of Higher Education is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE yet.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for accreditation of a Higher Certificate in Art \'26 Design \'28H\'2FPR1142\'2FE007CAN\'29 which will be offered in a contact mode of delivery at Pretoria Campus \'3F Pretoria\'2C Durbanville Campus - Durbanville Cape Town\'2C Bedfordview Campus \'3F Bedfordview\'2C Midrand Campus \'3F Midrand\line \line The institution has also applied for the accreditation of the following Higher Certificates programmes to be offered in contact mode of delivery which are still in process\'3A\line \line - Higher Certificate in Commerce \'28H\'2FPR1142\'2FE006CAN\'29\line - Higher Certificate in Computing \'28H\'2FPR1142\'2FE005CAN\'29\line - Higher Certificate in Office Administration \'28H\'2FPR1142\'2FE004CAN\'29\line - Higher Certificate In Creative Media Production \'28H\'2FPR1142\'2FE003CAN\'29\line - Higher Certificate in Sport and Exercise Science \'28H\'2FPR1142\'2FE002CAN\'29\line - Higher Certificate In Bioscience \'28H\'2FPR1142\'2FE001CAN\'29\line \line This is the first application from the Institution.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The Higher Certificate in Arts and Design aims to assist students in gaining professional and technical competencies which will contribute towards being responsible creative Design Practitioners\'2C who understand the difference and application between freedom of expression and professional communication within the field of Visual Design. The qualification aims to provide a bridge into the industry\'3B to develop professional design practice across the various industries that require designers\'2C and to cultivate professional junior designers who are able to enter the workforce and grow exponentially due to the holistic approach of the course. \line \line The purpose and rationale of the programme is clear. The evaluator indicated that the programme meets national requirements in respect of its design\'2C purpose and outcomes\'2C contributing to the employability of the students. The programme enables the students to hold competencies in their field of specialisation\'2C as well as acquiring background knowledge and experience in the design and arts fields. They will be able to articulate to the Bachelor of Arts in Graphic Design in particular\'2C as well as to other degrees within a similar field of work such as design\'2C photography\'2C 3D and digital design.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the design of the programme is intellectually credible by aligning its modules\'3F purpose\'2C exit level outcomes\'2C and the assessment criteria to the NQF level 5 competences. The Directorate noted that the institution did not indicate how the competences developed in this programme are aligned to NQF Level 8 \'28cf. Section 1.8\'29. The institution did provide a document with detailed module descriptors\'2C but no assessment criteria were listed in the module descriptors. Also\'2C the SAQA registration application does not include any exit level outcomes or assessment criteria for the qualification. It was therefore difficult to determine whether the content and learning activities of this programme are concurrent to the programme type and NQF Level. \line \line The Directorate noted that the \'25 learning time allocated to learning activities in section 1.5 is incomplete. The institution allocated the percentages to the respective learning activities\'2C but did not indicate whether each activity is contact\'2Fdistance\'2Fother. This should be clarified.\line \line In terms of experiential learning\'2C the institution did not assign any learning time or credits to work-integrated learning \'28WIL\'29. However\'2C the Directorate noted that the institution indicates in the submission that the HCert \'28Art \'26 Design\'29 will offer 4 definite subject- treams \'28that form the foundation of all design careers\'29 and will be provided through facilitated and experiential learning to all students. Also\'2C in the teaching and learning strategy\'2C the institution refers to experiential learning. The institution should clarify the WIL component in this programme and clearly explain the assessment and monitoring thereof.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the admission and selection criteria adhere to current legislation and are commensurate with the programme\'3Fs academic requirements. The selection process focuses primarily on whether applicants meet the admission requirements for the programme\'2C which includes the acceptance and approval of an official Pearson entrance portfolio within the creative fields.  The principles of RPL are subscribed to\'2C and will be implemented in a flexible manner. The principle of flexible and open access\'2C will\'2C however\'2C be offset against the provision so that this is not to the detriment of the potential student and that his\'2Fher chances to succeed are reasonable\line \line The evaluator indicated that the application meets minimum requirements in terms of staffing \'28Criterion 3 \'26 4\'29. The academic staff seems suitably qualified to facilitate learning in the programme. Also\'2C the submission indicates that there are opportunities for academic staff to enhance their competences and to support their professional growth and development. The programme has a qualified Programme Coordinator who is responsible for the overall management responsibility for the four sites of delivery. The evaluator furthermore indicated that the academic and support staff complement is of sufficient size and seniority for the nature and field of the programme and the size of the student body.\line \line The Institution through its submission indicates that it places a high importance on the promotion of student learning. The teaching and learning strategy and mode of delivery is appropriate for the institutional type \'28as reflected in its mission\'29. This is reflected through the development opportunities offered by smaller classes\'2C closer personal attention by lecturers\'2C consultation opportunities\'2C and other learning opportunities\'2C such as practical assignments and experiential learnin\'2C internships and externships\'2C as well as various on-campus activities. Teaching and learning strategies are formative and supportive. Lecturers are encouraged to use a learner-centered\'2C constructivist\'2C activities-based methodology to facilitate student learning. \line \line The institution relies on established institutional systems and mechanisms in place to monitor student progress and identify poor performing students. Also\'2C the institution has the policy structure\'2C processes and capacity to support students in the programme. The results of material self-evaluation and external evaluation and\'2For accreditation processes are used to improve the standard and quality of the programme curriculum.\line \line In terms of assessment\'2C the evaluator mentions that institution demonstrates an acceptable approach to student assessment through its policies and procedures. The types of assessments used are appropriately matched to the level\'2C discipline and the type of knowledge\'2C skills and attributes being tested. For the Higher Certificate in Art \'26 Design\'2C the mix will include tests\'2C assignments\'2C examinations and presentations for theoretical components. For practical modules\'2C briefs and portfolios are aligned with an authentic assessment approach. Each assessment caries a weight that is indicated in the module guide provided to students. These weightings are also programmed in to the mark-capturing system. All campuses make use of the same assessments. Policies are in place to govern recording and publication of assessment results\'2C as well as aspects like appeals\'2C settling of disputes and plagiarism.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the institution has adequate infrastructure\'2C library resources and programme administrative services to support the programme. However\'2C the information for all four campuses are identical to the facilities\'2Fvenue information of the Midrand Campus. Exact numbers were provided for the venues\'2C namely lecture venues \'2867\'29\'2C computer laboratoties \'2827\'29\'2C science laboratories \'284\'29\'2C counselling rooms \'283\'29\'2C drawing studios \'282\'29 and multimedia room \'281\'29 Site visits must be undertaken to verify the venue information of all four campuses.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Art \'26 Design \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The Directorate noted that the institution did not indicate how the competences developed in this programme are aligned to NQF Level 8 \'28cf. Section 1.8\'29. The document with detailed module descriptors did not include assessment criteria. It was therefore difficult to determine whether the content and learning activities of this programme are concurrent to the programme type and NQF Level. The institution should explain how the competences developed in this programme align with NQF Level 5.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. The SAQA registration application does not include any exit level outcomes or assessment criteria for the qualification. Review the SAQA application form and include all the outstanding information.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 3. The Directorate noted that the \'25 learning time allocated to learning activities in section 1.5 is incomplete. Review section 1.5 to indicate whether the learning activities will be via contact\'2Fdistance or any other modes of delivery.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 4. In terms of experiential learning\'2C the institution did not assign any learning time or credits to work-integrated learning \'28WIL\'29. However\'2C the Directorate noted that the institution indicates in the submission that a specific part of learning will be via work-integrated or experiential learning. The institution should clarify the WIL component in this programme and clearly explain the assessment and monitoring thereof.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Long-term\b0 \line Note\'3A The information concerning infrastructure for all four campuses are identical to the facilities\'2Fvenue information of the Midrand Campus. Exact numbers were provided for the venues\'2C namely lecture venues \'2867\'29\'2C computer laboratoties \'2827\'29\'2C science laboratories \'284\'29\'2C counselling rooms \'283\'29\'2C drawing studios \'282\'29 and multimedia room \'281\'29 Site visits must be undertaken to verify the venue information of all four campuses.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}