{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH17\'2FE039CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql University of Venda\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor Of Education Honours In Educational Management\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line University Drive\line Thohoyandou\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line University of Venda \'28UNIVEN\'29 is a public higher education Institution whose programmes have been accredited by the CHE and registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training. \line \line The Bachelor of Education Honours in Educational Management programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 2 - 3 October 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 8 November 2018.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A \line \line 1. The letter from DHET indicating compliance with MRTEQ requirements is not attached\line 2. The total programme credits do not meet the minimum HEQSF and MRTEQ requirements of 120. When calculating the credits of the compulsory modules\'2C the total credits come to 108 \'281.4\'29. When adding the optional module on Curriculum Management and Evaluation \'2818C\'29 the total number of credits is 124C\line 3. Different versions of the programme title are presented in the CHE application and the SAQA document. There are different versions of the first qualifier in the title on the CHE application form. Bachelor of Education Honours in Educational Management and also Educational Management and Leadership\line 4. There is a lack of consistency between the CHE application and the SAQA document with regard to information that is common to both e.g. the CESM category and the articulation possibilities.\line 5. The programme exit level outcomes and the module outcomes are not aligned with the qualifier in the title of the programme. The competencies that will be developed in the programme are not aligned with the appropriate NQF level of the programme.\line 6. The programmes design has critical weaknesses\'2C e.g. - The rules of combination seems somewhat confusing. The institution states that the all modules\'2C including the elective ECM 5621 and EDU 5000 are prerequisites for EDU 5000. It is also unclear how all six modules can be prerequisites for the Research Project if the programme is offered over one year fulltime. The implication is that all six modules \'2894 credits\'29 must be completed in the first semester. In 1.4 ECM 5621 is indicated as an optional module\'2C but nowhere is this option discussed with regard to the rules of combination. - There is no internal progression Vertical articulation to the NQF Level 9 Master of Education is indicated\'2C but 1.3 also indicate articulation to the PGDE in Early Childhood which is not relevant. The SAQA application only mentions articulation to a Med. - The outline\'2C aims and outcomes of the 30 credit Research Project and the 12 credit Educational Research module are very similar and appears to be very generic with no clear link to the first qualifier or the other modules.\line 7. The systems for monitoring student progress and identifying students-at-risk are inadequate.\line 8. The institution does not indicate that not more than 10\'25 of the programme intake will be through RPL.\line 9. There is a lack of clarity on the structures and procedures in place for the provision of adequate academic and student support.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line This programme was not accredited for the 9 reasons listed below. The institution has responded and the evaluator has reviewed the representation. Based on this\'2C the programme can now be recommended for accreditation with prior to commencement conditions. The summary of the evaluator\'3Fs comments are listed below each reason for non-accreditation. \line 1. The letter from DHET indicating compliance with MRTEQ requirements is not attached.\line The letter has now been provided. \line 2. The total programme credits do not meet the minimum HEQSF and MRTEQ requirements of 120. When calculating the credits of the compulsory modules\'2C the total credits come to 108 \'281.4\'29. When adding the optional module on Curriculum Management and Evaluation \'2818C\'29 the total number of credits is 124C.\line Annexure B\'3A Representation of full description of programme modules indicates that the module on Curriculum Management and Evaluation \'2818C\'29 is a core \'28compulsory\'29 module. The total number of credits is now 126 which meets the minimum HEQSF and MRTEQ requirements of 120C. This has been addressed. \line 3. Different versions of the programme title are presented in the CHE application and the SAQA document. There are different versions of the first qualifier in the title on the CHE application form. Bachelor of Education Honours in Educational Management and also Educational Management and Leadership.\line The documents still need to be aligned. This has been set as a condition.\line 4. There is a lack of consistency between the CHE application and the SAQA document with regard to information that is common to both e.g. the CESM category and the articulation possibilities.\line Articulation possibilities are indicated. The CESMs have not been mentioned and are set as a condition. \line 5. The programme exit level outcomes and the module outcomes are not aligned with the qualifier in the title of the programme. The competencies that will be developed in the programme are not aligned with the appropriate NQF level of the programme.\line The representation only included the Exit Level Outcomes 1 \'3F 4 with the Associated Assessment Criteria \'28pp 2 \'26 3\'29. The four exit level outcomes show alignment with the qualifier\'2C but no module outcomes have been included to demonstrate alignment with the qualifier. The Assessment Criteria provided are not all on the appropriate NQF Level 8 of the qualification. No evidence was submitted on how the competencies are aligned with the appropriate NQF level of the programme. It is recommended that the alignment must be concluded prior to commencement of the qualification. \line 6. The programmes design has critical weaknesses\'2C e.g. - The rules of combination seems somewhat confusing. The institution states that the all modules\'2C including the elective ECM 5621 and EDU 5000 are prerequisites for EDU 5000. It is also unclear how all six modules can be prerequisites for the Research Project if the programme is offered over one year full-time. The implication is that all six modules \'2894 credits\'29 must be completed in the first semester. In 1.4 ECM 5621 is indicated as an optional module\'2C but nowhere is this option discussed with regard to the rules of combination. There is no internal progression Vertical articulation to the NQF Level 9 Master of Education is indicated\'2C but 1.3 also indicate articulation to the PGDE in Early Childhood which is not relevant. The SAQA application only mentions articulation to a Med. - The outline\'2C aims and outcomes of the 30 credit Research Project and the 12 credit Educational Research module are very similar and appears to be very generic with no clear link to the first qualifier or the other modules.\line - The university has responded though confirmation is required that modules are year-long courses. Proof that module ECM 5621 has been amended. The recommendation is that the outlines\'2C aims and outcomes for the 30 credit Research Project \'28EDU 5000\'29 are refined and aligned with the first qualifier prior to commencement. The recommendation is that the institution indicate how the assessment methods and weighting of the three research modules \'28EDR 5521\'3B EDR 5621 \'26 EDU 5000\'29 will be amended to be aligned with the Aims and Core Competencies of the modules prior to commencement. The recommendation is that the institution realign the Assessment Methods and Weighting and Assessment Criteria for content\'2C learning outcomes and competencies for the two modules EDR 5521 and EDR 5621 to indicate how these two modules differ from one another prior to commencement. These are set as conditions. However\'2C some of these are critical and point to inherent flaws in the design of the programme. It is recommended that these are set as prior to commencement conditions.   \line 7. The systems for monitoring student progress and identifying students-at-risk are inadequate.\line The institution has provided sufficient information and this reason has been addressed by the institution. \line 8. The institution does not indicate that not more than 10\'25 of the programme intake will be through RPL.\line The institution now complies with the   minimum requirements.\line 9. There is a lack of clarity on the structures and procedures in place for the provision of adequate academic and student support.\line The institution has provided sufficient information on the structures and procedures that are in place for the provision of adequate academic and student support. The application now complies with the minimum requirements.\line Based on the above assessment\'2C it is recommended that the institution can be granted accreditation with prior to commencement conditions. \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor Of Education Honours In Educational Management \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The institution must submit evidence of how the exit level outcomes have been aligned to the first qualifier\'2C as well as evidence of how the Assessment Criteria meet the requirements of a NQF Level 8 qualification. The institution must provide proof that the full description of the module ECM 5621 has been amended to reflect that it is a year course prior to commencement. It is recommended that the full description of modules for all modules are amended to reflect that all modules are year courses and not semester courses.  \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. The outlines\'2C aims and outcomes for the 30 credit Research Project \'28EDU 5000\'29 are refined and aligned with the first qualifier prior to commencement. The institution indicate how the assessment methods and weightings of the three research modules \'28EDR 5521\'3B EDR 5621 \'26 EDU 5000\'29 will be amended to be aligned with the Aims and Core Competencies of the modules. The institution must realign the assessment methods and weighting and assessment criteria for content\'2C learning outcomes and competencies for the two modules EDR 5521 and EDR 5621 to indicate how these modules differ from one another prior to commencement.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 3. CHE and SAQA documents need to be aligned. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}