{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 6th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR998\'2FE001CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql IARB Pty Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Retail Banking\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 240\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 240\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 2 \'2F Part-time\'3A 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Not Applicable\line While there is no physical main campus site\'2C there is an office to which all enquiries for IARB Pty Ltd can be forwarded to be addressed. Electronically\'2C all enquiries can be  sent to the email address of seun.okunnuga\'40rb-a.org\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The IARB Pty Ltd is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE. This is the Institution\'27s first application for a Diploma in Retail Banking programme.\line \line The Diploma in Retail Banking programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 31st July \'3F 02 August 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 13 September 2018.  \line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A \line \line 1. The Institution has submitted a 240 credit programme that does not belong to a professional body and that it requires a new application to be submitted.  In terms of the HEQSF\'2C the 240-credit Diploma may only be offered where it leads to a professional designation or occupational role as determined by a professional body.   \line  2. The Institution has failed to provide sufficient evidence of its ability to design and deliver a credible and coherent higher education programme. The development of study material and examinations is outsourced.  \line  3. There is insufficient evidence of rigorous quality assurance policies and systems in relation to the offering of a higher education programme. The application does not demonstrate that an understanding of the role\'2C function and quality issues associated with distance education provision has been built into Institutional policies and procedures.\line  4. The design of the curriculum is problematic in terms of the following\'3A - Business Ethics and Compliance is offered in the 1st year of studies. This may be too early as students have not had much exposure to the business concepts at this stage. \line - The naming of certain modules does not reflect the content or the purpose of the module\'2C for example\'2C Products. It is not clear if this refers to Product management.  \line - Reference is made to \'3FChannels\'3F not clear what this name refers to\'2C the same with Marketing.  \line - The relationship between the 1st year module \'28Product\'29 and the 2nd year module \'28Product Portfolio Management\'29 could not be determined. The content of the module Channels places much emphasis on digital application and the name of the module is therefore misleading. \line  - Consumer behaviour is the theme of the Marketing module but the name is misleading. \line  - The outcomes of the module Effective Sales is at a relatively high cognitive level\'2C as students are expected to develop concepts\'2C apply aspects\'2C evaluate statements etc. although this module is at NQF Level 5.  The outcomes of the modules are not aligned to this level.\line  - In the 2nd year module\'2C Customer Care\'2C there seems to be very little focus on customer care as a number of topics are covered in this module\'2C and the main theme of Customer Care is not present.  The same concern is expressed about the module Leadership in Retail Banking.\line  - No prescribed reading list has been submitted for evaluation  \line - The table of learning activities was not properly completed. Although 25\'25 of the time of will be allocated to lectures\'2C there are no contact or distance lectures. It is not clear how this will be conducted. \line  5. Articulation opportunities into other programmes are not clear especially from a South African context.\line \line  6. The application indicated that this is a 2 year professional programme\'2C 240 credits. However\'2C it is clear this application relates to one part of a 3 year programme. Reference is made to three Retail Banking modules at three different levels in the application. Students receive a certificate upon completion of each and every year\'2C and after the 3rd year has been completed\'2C students receive a Diploma in Retail Banking. This application is therefore not viewed as a stand-alone programme. \line \line  7. The fee structure is in dollars\'2C and it therefore does not align with a South African programme in terms of its development and costing. \line \line  8. The cover sheet and various other pages in the prospectus do not have the Institution\'27s branding\'2C but the parent company\'27s brand. This does not seem to be the Institution\'27s prospectus but the overall prospectus with a page or 2 with the Institution\'27s programmes.   \line \line  9. No RPL Policy and admission options have been provided.   Criterion 2 \line 10. There is no evidence that the relevant members of staff members are sufficiently qualified\'2C experienced and adequate in number to cater for the anticipated student numbers in this programme. There is no evidence of academic leadership in the programme \line \line 11. The Institution has not demonstrated that there are mechanisms in place to ensure the teaching and learning methods are appropriate for the design and use of learning materials\'2C as there is little evidence of staff development.  \line \line 12. The Institution lacks an Assessment Strategy that demonstrates a variety of assessments for each module that is congruent with the mode of delivery of the programme and sufficiently rigorous for a programme of this nature. There are no assessment criteria for each individual module. Information on moderation is incomplete and no evidence of external moderator contracts\'2Fappointments for this programme\'2C nor does the Policy state what the maximum period is for which an external moderator can be appointed. Furthermore\'2C plagiarism and ways in which plagiarism will be monitored\'2C is not mentioned. \line \line 13. The security of assessments has not been established and it is not clear how the Institution controls the examination environment and what systems are in place to ensure that the person who does the examination is indeed a registered student of the Institution and not someone who writes the examination on behalf of a registered student. It is not clear what the role of the facilitators and academic staff members of the Institution would be if assessments seem to be commissioned. \line \line 14. The Institution has not demonstrated adequately IT provision and sufficient capacity in terms of infrastructure and facilities to offer a higher education programme as proposed. The online library mainly consists of recommended reading material and case studies.  There is information that indicates that the Institution does not manage its own budget.  \line \line 15. The Institution has provided information on the adequacy of the procedures for certification and the integrity of the certification process can\'27t be confirmed as certificates will be mailed to students.  \line \line 16. The Institution has not provided evidence of quality assurance systems and Institutional capacity to offer a quality higher education programme. No physical address has been provided. Although the programme is offered in distance mode\'2C it should have a physical building\'2Fhead office.   \line \line NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A \line The Institution has submitted a 240-credit Diploma that may only be offered where it leads to a professional designation or occupational role as determined by a professional body.  In the event that the Institution would like to submit an application for a Diploma programme\'2C a 360 Diploma application should be submitted. \line \line   The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line With regard to submitting a 240 credit programme\'2C the institution has accepted that it has to be a 360 credit programme\'2C but it has not submitted a revised curriculum. The evaluator has wrongly accepted this response - without a revised curriculum - as sufficient to meet the condition.\line \line In relation to the ability to develop quality distance learning materials\'2C the institution has provided a step-by-step process\'2C but no evidence has been provided of sample actual materials developed based on this process. This has also not provided in the original application. Therefore\'2C the institution does not meet the condition.\line \line In terms of the development of the curriculum\'2C the institution has not responded to each of the subsections of the condition adequately. The institution has only provided a list of competencies for retail banking which is not sufficient.\line \line With regard to articulation\'2C the institution has provided an explanation related to articulation as a way to \'3Fsecure promotion\'3F or \'3Fcareer articulation\'3F. This is not what is intended by the condition. The institution has not met the condition.\line \line With regard to the programme being composed of 3 different and separate components\'2C the institution has indicated that As rightly identified the Level 6 Diploma in Retail Banking is a programme with three constituent qualifications called Diploma in Retail Banking I\'2C Diploma in Retail Banking II and Diploma in Retail Banking III. And given the recategorisation done in Point 1\'2C we accept that the programme in its complete form requires students to succeed in all three constituent qualifications. However\'2C should student choose to achieve just one of the three stages\'2C there is no deterrent made towards such students. Still\'2C emphasis and recommendation are always given to interested students that the programme is best attempted in progression starting with Diploma in Retail Banking I and building up to Diploma in Retail Banking III. These way students can appropriately appreciate the relationships between particular modules thereby building their competencies more progressively. It is not acceptable to provide certificates at every level as indicated.\line \line The fee structure has been converted to South Africa Rand.\line \line With regard to the problems with the prospectus\'2C it has been adjusted for a South African programme. Marketing materials have been amended to reflect IARB Pty Ltd\'3Fs logo. The programme title and its related NQF level and accreditation status are now prominently mentioned throughout the marketing material. \line \line In terms of developing an RPL policy\'2C the institution has information that does not constitute an RPL policy.The institution needs to develop such a policy and clearly indicate how candidates with suitable work experience in retail banking will be approved to write the exam. Providing exam provision does not prove that they have the necessary background knowledge and\'2For skills to cope with the assessment.\line \line The institution\'27s explanation of the teaching and learning approach via a distance is not acceptable. There does not seem to be a teaching and learning approach. Students seem to work on their own and can ask tutors questions if they have any.\line \line With regard to assessment\'2C the institution has indicated that summative assessment is based on MCQs mainly. It is not clear how the objectives of writing at this level can be achieved through this single type of assessment. It is also not clear how students will be authenticated via a distance. The assessment criteria provided are not acceptable as assessment criteria. The institution has indicated that students will write at exam centres. It is not clear how these centres will be equipped and managed for students across South Africa.\line \line According to the evaluator\'2C and based on evidence provided\'2C suitable and sufficient venues\'2C IT infrastructure and library resources are available for students and staff in the higher education programme. The utilisation of the e-learning platform also addresses a number of issues noted in the report\'2C such as recommended reading material and case studies. However\'2C the institution is of the view that no site is necessary for it to function and that everything is online. This is not acceptable.\line \line The institution has provided acceptable information on the security of assessment data and certification processes.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Retail Banking \'28240 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql No acceptable RPL policy has been provided.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The assessment model consisting of only MCQs is not acceptable for a programme at this level.\line \line The authentication of students during exam sittings has not been explained.\line \line The institution has indicated that students will write at exam centres. It is not clear how these centres will be equipped and managed for students across South Africa.\line \line The assessment criteria provided are not acceptable.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The distance teaching and learning approach is not adequate. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The institution has indicated that it has no site and venues available as all teaching and learning will be done online. This is not acceptable.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The institution has not provided a revised curriculum based on a 360 credits programme at Level 6.\line \line No sample study materials have been provided.\line \line The curriculum remains problematic in terms of modules\'2C outcomes and module names.\line \line The institution has not provided acceptable articulation options for students on the programme.\line \line The institution is still indicating that students can exit the programme at every level with a Diploma in Retail Banking certificate \'28\'22I\'2C II or III\'22\'29.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}