{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR288\'2FE015CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql SA College of Applied Psychology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Counselling and Communication Skills\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 240\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 240\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 2 \'2F Part-time\'3A 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Pretoria Campus\line First Floor \line North Block \line Brookfield Office Park\line 261 Middel Street\line Neuw Muckleneuk\line Pretoria\line 0181\line \line \line Durban Campus\line 5th floor \line 199\'2F203 Peter Mokaba Road\line Morningside\line Durban \line 4001 \line \line \line Johannesburg Campus\line 1st Floor\'2C 1 Sixty Jan Smuts\'2C\line 160 Jan Smuts Avenue\'2C\line Rosebank\'2C\line Johannesburg\'2C\line 2196\line \line Main Campus\line 1st Floor \line Sunclare Building\line 21 Dreyer Street\line Claremont\line 7708\line Cape Town\line South Africa\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The SA College of Applied Psychology is a private higher education institution that is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training\'2C with programmes that are accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is applying for the accreditation of a Diploma in Counselling and Communication Skills programme to be offered in the contact mode of delivery at the following campuses\'3A\line - Pretoria Campus - Pretoria \line - Durban Campus - Durban \line - Johannesburg Campus - Johannesburg \line - Main Campus - Claremont \line \line The Institution is offering the following accredited programmes\'3A \line - Higher Certificate in Counselling and Communication Skills \'28NQF5\'29\'3A Contact \line - Advanced Certificate in Counselling and Communication Skills \'28NQF6\'29\'3A Contact \line - Diploma in Counselling and Communication \'28NQF6\'29\'3A Contact \line - Bachelor of Applied Social Science \'28NQF7\'29\'3A Contact and Distance \line - Bachelor of Psychology \'28NQF8\'29\'3A Contact \line - Post Graduate Diploma in Applied Psychology \'28Coaching\'29 \'28NQF8\'29\'3A Contact and Distance \line \line The Diploma in Counselling and Communication\'2C and the Graduate Diploma in Counselling and Communication were both submitted  as Category C programmes\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator found that the programme in terms of all the criteria to be considered for accreditation complies with minimum requirements and recommended that the programme be accredited. The evaluator commented that this qualification will empower students to play a critical and positive role within South African communities and our society at large.\line \line The programme is intellectually credible\'2C caters for the learning needs of its target students and provides students with a supervised fieldwork component to apply their training. The programme furthermore places a heavy emphasis on the application of practical skills to address the current skills gap that exists in most educational models in the field of Psychology. The design maintains an appropriate balance of theoretical and practical knowledge and skills and the programme serve its educational purpose\'2C and students will undergo 200 notional hours of a practical work-integrated learning experience in this regard. The modules are relevant to the programme and the outcomes as well as the teaching and learning activities of the various modules are clear. Graduates need to register with the Association for Supportive Counsellors. \line \line Students can register on either a full-time or part-time basis. Policies and procedures are in place for developing and evaluating learning materials and ensuring their alignment with the programme goals. The programme makes provision for students to master techniques and skills required for counselling fields. \line \line Marketing and advertising material is appropriately authorized and complies with all relevant legislation. The admission requirements for this programme\'2C are aligned with the institutional Admissions Policy and clear. The Enrolment Plan for this programme is realistic and clear. On SACAP\'E2\'80\'99s campuses where contact programmes are run SACAP has two intakes per academic year. Provision is made for a flexible RPL entry route within the framework of national guidelines\'3B admission through an RPL route\'2C however\'2C may not exceed 10\'25 of the total number of students on any programme.  Policies and documentation for admission\'2C RPL\'2C advertising\'2C communication and marketing are available.\line \line Academic staff members responsible for the programme are suitably qualified and have sufficient relevant experience and teaching competence\'2C and their assessment competence and research profile are adequate for the nature and level of the programme. The Institution and\'2For other recognised agencies contracted by the Institution provide opportunities for academic staff to enhance their competences and to support their professional growth and development. The academic staff members will be sufficient to manage\'2C teach and coordinate the programme. Information on academic staff members has been provided for each campus.  Academic staff members are leading professionals and qualified in their fields of expertise as well as the wealth of experience and skill that they will be able to bring to the teaching and learning environment. \line \line The administrative services provided on the Johannesburg\'2C Pretoria\'2C and Durban campuses are parallel to those provided on the Cape Town campus\'2C with limited exceptions where the Cape Town based Institutional Head Office takes a more direct lead. The management staff\'2C academic staff and administrative and support staff on each site of delivery is of sufficient size and seniority for the nature and field of the programme to ensure all activities related to the programme can be carried out effectively. \line \line The Academic Dean\'2C the Academic Head of Programmes and the Programme Coordinators hold overall responsibility for the Diploma in Counselling and Communication Skills and will ensure that the academic and administrative support staff are sufficient in number to meet both current and anticipated student numbers in managing both the nature and the scope of the programme. SACAP\'E2\'80\'99s strategic planning process ensures that institutional resource capacity\'2C including administration and support staff\'2C are adequate given the institution\'E2\'80\'99s overall medium term goals. SACAP have also ensured that the Student Admissions\'2C Student Administration\'2C Library\'2C Student Services\'2C as well as academic and financial personnel and their processes cater specifically for the demands of the Diploma in Counselling and Communication Skills and students on the programme. Policies\'2C conditions of service and other documentation is in place for each site of delivery.\line \line The Institution adopts a student-centred educational philosophy based on the premise that students learn best in a supportive learning environment through interactive learning and engaging and reflective teaching and learning practices that focuses on the development of theoretical knowledge\'2C applied skills and reflexive competencies. The Institution seeks to create a flexible and inclusive adult learning model of education and practice and to provide quality education by employing expert practitioner educators to facilitate education within a supportive and nurturing environment. Students are supported throughout the programme\'2C and the modules that make up this programme\'2C by expert educators. These educators have teaching expertise and relevant knowledge in order to facilitate their modules. Expert educators have the skills and abilities to facilitate the application of knowledge and skills within contextual realities. Learning materials are theoretically robust and are designed for the application of skills into real world settings\'2C providing an experientially orientated learning process. \line \line The development of the programme and each of its outcomes has been carefully guided by the NQF level descriptors. All academic staff members\'2C educators\'2C supervisors are given access to the SACAP Learning Management System \'28LMS\'29\'2C MySACAP\'2C that utilises the Moodle platform. MySACAP is utilised by educators\'2Fsupervisors to enhance effective teaching and learning through the provision of online resources. Processes are in place to identify and support inactive and\'2For under-performing students. Struggling students are readily identified at the coal face by educators\'2Fsupervisors. SACAP has a quality assurance system in place to oversee all teaching and learning matters. Various documentation is in place for this criterion.\line \line The Institution has developed the programme\'E2\'80\'99s modules with assessment requirements that address the overall aim and learning outcomes of each module. Assessment is a core component of the programme whereby the student engages an independent structured process for gathering evidence in relation to specified levels of competence clearly identified in the learning outcomes of a particular module of study. Assessment is continuous\'2C and constructively aligned to module and programme learning outcomes. An integrated assessment philosophy is employed and focuses on building competence at a cognitive level as the students\'E2\'80\'99 knowledge base and critical thinking skills grow\'2C building competence at a personal and psycho-social level as students develop a growing sense of individuation and awareness of oneself in relation to a social context\'2C and the development of an applied skill set and teaching students how to integrate their knowledge and applied skills within specific vocational settings. Integrated assessment \'28including both formative and summative assessment\'29 are carried out to support learning and determine the application of knowledge in authentic situations. The evaluator reported that external moderation is not applicable for the Diploma in Counselling and Communication Skills\'2C is not in place for exit level modules. This must be clarified.\line \line The Academic Quality Assurance meeting holds the responsibility for coordinating assessment duties for academic staff who are directly responsible for the preparation of students for assessments in all modules of the programme to ensure that fair\'2C effective\'2C and consistent assessment practices are maintained. Evaluation of evidence \'28grades and written feedback\'29 is recorded by Educator on MySACAP\'2C the college\'E2\'80\'99s learning management system. In terms of security\'2C the outcomes and guidance on future options is recorded in the Assessment Feedback Record\'2C permanently recorded on the Learning Management System \'28MySACAP\'29.  Various policies and documentation is in place for this criterion.\line \line All campuses comply with Health and Occupational Safety and regulations as required for accredited providers and programmes and as confirmed by a Health and Safety Compliance Certificate. All facilities and resources on the campuses have sufficient infrastructure and well-equipped facilities to offer the contact mode of delivery. IT infrastructure and software is in place to support the contact mode of delivery. There is a specific budget for ongoing maintenance. SACAP\'27s Library and Resource Centre is open to all student in order to access online and hard-copy resource materials. Almost all resource materials are available on open shelves for self-retrieval. Selected resource materials are kept in the Reference Section of the library and are not available for loan. Policy issues including rules and regulations that govern library usage are the same for each library on each campus. Various relevant documentation for this criterion is in place.\line \line The Institution currently uses an internally developed and managed Student Management System to capture and maintain all student information and grades. It incorporates a large collection of standard reports with simple customisable options. The system uses an SQL database with a user-friendly interface programmed in PHP and Java. The successful applicant\'E2\'80\'99s information captured by the Admissions department on the Customer Relations Management System \'28CRM\'29 which is then pulled through to the Student Management System which generates the student registration number. Once registration is complete\'2C a profile will be created on the Learning Management System \'28MySACAP\'29. Specific student data is then automatically pulled through from the Student Management System to Learning Management System \'28MySACAP\'29. The Student Management System is also able to generate the numerous reports. The Student Management System is the central Management System and is managed centrally by the Systems department\'2C housed on an internal central server located at the Cape Town campus. Policies\'2C procedures and other documentation is in place.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme be accredited with a condition.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Counselling and Communication Skills \'28240 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 1. The Institution should clarify why the programme does not provide for external moderation.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. The institution should submit an endorsement letter from the professional body\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}