{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR035\'2FE122CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql The Independent Institute of Education \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Journalism Studies\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql IIE Rosebank College\'2C Pretoria\line 1st Floor \line 239 Pretorius Street\line PRETORIA\line 0001\line \line IIE Rosebank College\'2C Braamfontein Mega\line 23 Jorissen Street\line Braamfontein\line \line \line IIE Rosebank College - Durban\line 221 Dr Pixley KaSeme Street\line Durban\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Independent Institute of Education \'28IIE\'29 is a private higher education institution that is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has programmes that are accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of the Diploma in Journalism Studies programme which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at the following sites\'3A\line 1. IIE Rosebank College\'2C Pretoria - Pretoria \line 2. IIE Rosebank College\'2C Braamfontein Mega - Braamfontein\'2C Johannesburg \line 3. IIE Rosebank College - Durban - Durban \line \line The Institution has the following programmes that are accredited in the field of Journalism\'3A \line - Diploma in Journalism Studies\line - Higher Certificate in Journalism\line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of a Higher Certificate in Journalism programme to be offered in the contact mode of delivery.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator stated that the programme in terms of all the criteria to be assessed meets the minimum requirements for accreditation and recommended that the programme should be accredited without conditions.  \line \line The programme is consistent with the Institution\'27s mission. Journalism as a profession and communication as field are both considered critical and scarce skills in the South African economy\'2C so the programme being offered is in sync with the needs of South Africa. The Institution has tweaked the curriculum\'2C introduced more courses with higher credits in order to structure a 3-year Diploma. The progression of modules from first year to third is consistent and logical. \line \line  The minimum entry requirement for student admission are aligned to the regulations and HEQSF\'3A this Diploma will articulate vertically with a cognate Bachelor \'27s Degree or Advanced Diploma Students\'2Fgraduates of this qualification and articulate horizontally allowing mobility between qualifications on the same level\'2C either at the institution or at other Higher Education institutions and\'2For the accumulation and transfer of credits\'2C as explained below. \line \line The programme will be marketed through various mediums. From the Institution\'27s submissions\'2C there is evidence that the recruitment of students takes into account issues of broadened access and equity in recruitment and monitoring of the same through a platform they call Kitso. The student numbers of an averageof  60 per site for the first year and growing in subsequent years appear to be a bit too high. To be considered for enrolment\'2C students should have a National Senior Certificate\'2C with Diploma Student admission\'2C and must have a good grade in English. RPL student admissions do not constitute more than 10\'25 of the class\'2C which is logical. \line \line The teaching staff members at the three campuses that will offer the programme are sufficiently qualified to teach the programme because at the very least they hold a bachelors\'27 degree. There are a few who hold Master\'27s and some PhDs. The qualifications are consistent with the subjects they teach. From the staff profiles submitted\'2C the vast majority of staff members from the three campuses were from the designated groups. The Programme Coordinator is well qualified. \line \line The Programme Coordinator works with the person responsible in each brand and on each site for the academic and operational implementation and coordination of the programme. Each semester all role players \'28including all lecturers\'29 meet virtually in a Programme Coordination Committee \'28PCC\'29 meeting. The Programme Coordination Committee \'28PCC\'29 Meetings provide lecturers\'2C campus administrators\'2C programme managers and Heads of Programmes \'28HoPs\'29 the platform to discuss various aspects of each qualification and contributes to the changes and updates to curriculum design. \line \line The contact learning experience is blended with online delivery and support through the online platform integrated with the face-to-face mediation of qualified and experienced lecturers. Because the content presentation and activities on the online platform are deliberately integrated\'2C the teaching and learning methods used recognise the need to engage students accordingly. This is a personalised and individualised teaching method. As the Institution is a multi-site provider\'2C the development of materials seeks to provide the scaffolding and framework for an equitable learning outcome for students.  The team developing the material is made up of the module coordinator\'2C a subject matter expert that will do the writing and the instructional designer. The same subject matter expert normally develops the assessments. These subject matter experts are normally lecturers from the campuses so that the material developed speaks to their context. Using feedback from the PCC\'2C module reviews and a formal review\'2C if applicable\'2C the module coordinator \'22briefs\'22 a new module or a revision of existing modules. When material is received\'2C it is moderated\'2C sent to editing and released through the document management system to the sites. In parallel the module is organised into an online learning framework by the same subject matter expert and then developed and storyboarded by the instructional designer. A content developer then builds the module on the online platform. It is released six weeks prior to the start of the semester to enable lecturers \'28nationally\'29 to prepare. \line \line The Institution has several support mechanisms and programmes in place to assist students. Student progress is monitored individually where at-risk students are identified and in terms of individual student progress \'28retention and throughput\'29 to graduation as well as at a modular and programme level and across sites and between brand groups. In the contact mode an inactive student is a student who no longer attends lectures or does not submit assessments. These students are contacted  and an effort is made to re-engage them. However\'2C the bigger problem is to identify a student who is disengaging but has not become inactive so that efforts can be put in place to retain them. This is done through the ICE activities and classroom participation and activities where\'2C given our relatively small classes\'2C it is sometimes possible to identify and then intervene with students who are disengaging. \line \line The number and type of assessment for each module on a programme is determined by the level and credit value of the module\'2C the requirements of the discipline\'2C the exit level outcomes of the programme and the skills and competencies required as well as ensuring that students have a reasonable load of assessment requirements in each year. In all modules\'2C students are provided with opportunities before the summative assessment to get feedback on their learning - where there is more than one formative assessment\'2C they will be of different types to cater for different competencies and skills. Access to the summative is normally determined by the level of performance on the continual assessment\'2F formative tasks. In some cases\'2C the formative assessments\'2C improved by students if they so wish\'2C accumulate to a final portfolio and in others the formative and summative assessments are different. This is entirely discipline dependent. These assessments include short questions\'2C longer questions\'2C essays\'2C problem solving\'2C scenario questions\'2C case studies\'2C assignments\'2C and portfolios of evidence \'28PoEs\'29. On this programme\'2C summative assessments are in the form of examinations and portfolios of evidence. \line \line The Institution submits that it has a budget of R15\'2C6 million and an additional 2.5 million annually for the delivery of the programme\'2C including experts and other academic resources. The different campuses have fully equipped computer studios\'2C and the ratio of computers to students is one-to-one. The Institution also subscribes to key databases \'28EBSCOHost\'2C SABINET\'29 and journals\'2C which allows for students\'27 access to reading resources. The Institution claims to have 1600 titles for this programme on Library Connect online portal. There are also a few library holdings \'28books and journals\'29 although they are rather minimal\'2C which is perhaps understandable given the trend to invest in online resources across many institutions. \line \line The Institution has a very sophisticated national computer network\'2C connecting site servers and making use of hosted servers to guarantee uptime\'2C redundancy\'2C reliability\'2C backup and for resource demand management. All sites have both full-time and part-time IT staff members to service and manage the IT infrastructure. The Institution uses a centrally hosted web-based solution called SAM \'28System for Academic Management\'29. SAM is a custom\'2C centralised database structure with a web-based front-end\'2C developed by the holding group. SAM provides considerable functionality for academic and administrative support including the means to add online and multimedia support for modules online\'2C host discussion forums and interactive courseware. \line \line With regard to programme administrative services\'2C there are several structures and policies in place\'2C starting from student admission\'2C management of student course marks\'2C credit accumulation and transfer\'2C student records and certification policy. The registrar\'27s department handles student graduation. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Journalism Studies \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}