{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR033\'2FE009CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql South African Theological Seminary\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Master of Divinity\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 9\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 180\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 240\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 2 \'2F Part-time\'3A 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line same\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The South African Theological Seminary NPC is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training \'28DHET\'29 as a private higher education institution with programme that are accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is applying for the accreditation of the Master of Divinity programme which will be offered in the distance mode at Main Campus - 37 Grosvenor Rd.\'2C Bryanston 2191\line \line The Institution offers its programmes through the distance mode of delivery and is accredited to offer the following programmes\'3A\line 1. Higher Certificate in Christian Life \'28Category A HEQSF-aligned and deemed accredited\'29\'3B \line 2. Higher Certificate in Christian Counselling \'28Category A HEQSF-aligned and deemed accredited\'29\'3B \line 3. Higher Certificate in Worship Studies \'28Category A HEQSF-aligned and deemed accredited\'29\'3B \line 4. Bachelor of Theology \'28Category A HEQSF-aligned and deemed accredited\'29\'3B \line 5. Bachelor of Theology Honours \'28Category A HEQSF-aligned and deemed accredited\'29\'3B \line 6. Master of Theology \'28Category A HEQSF-aligned and deemed accredited\'29\'3B and \line 7. Doctor of Philosophy in Theology \'28Category A-HEQSF aligned and deemed accredited\'29.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator indicated that the programme in terms of Criteria 1\'2C 2 and 6 needs improvement. The report also makes it clear that Criteria 3\'2C 4 and 5 also require further attention if not improvement. The concerns regarding Criteria 1- 6 are framed as conditions.\line \line The programme is designed in accordance with international practice where students engage in theological education following a first degree in a different field. It therefore serves as a broad orientation in the field for religious practitioners at an advanced level. This is in line with student interests \'28where pastors enter the field as a second professional career\'29 and serves the need for professional training of pastors with an evangelical orientation. It is therefore also in line with the Institution\'27s mission. \line \line Although the programme has a research component\'2C it is not primarily a research degree. Successful students may proceed to a Masters of Theology or to a professional D.Min. degree. The programme includes a total of 240 credits of which 12 \'28an orientation\'29 is offered at NQF level 8 and the rest at NQF level 9 of the NQF \'28exceeding the minimum 180 level 9 credits\'29. \line \line The design of the programme includes a number of compulsory components\'2C namely an orientation of two modules on Ministry and a Research Component \'2860 credits\'29. It then also includes electives in four fields\'2C namely the Old Testament Studies \'28OT\'29 \'2C New Testament Studies \'28NT\'29\'2C Practical Theology and Church and Society. Students will do a total of 12 of these electives and at least two from each field. This is credible\'2C given the need for preaching \'28hence OT and NT electives\'29\'2C pastoral ministry and engaging with issues of church and society. However\'2C it is problematic to suggest that some missiology will be woven into Church and Society and under the missional church\'2C underplaying all these disciplinary areas to the detriment of the students. Also\'2C the themes for the electives indicate that systematic theology will hardly be covered directly or indirectly. Given the evangelical ethos of the Institution and the statement of faith that has to be signed by lecturers\'2C there is little room for a critical or constructive engagement with the content of such faith. Moreover\'2C almost none of the other aspects can stand on their own without some rudimentary understanding of the history of Christian doctrine and the major debates in the field\'2C including contemporary theological movements. It is recommended that at least two compulsory modules in the field of Systematic Theology be included in the curriculum. At best these would focus on Patristic Theology and on Contemporary theological movements\'2C although there is no need to be prescriptive here.\line \line The student admission and selection of students are commensurate with the aims of the programme.  Although many such candidates will hold prior qualifications in theology\'2C non-theological qualifications are accepted. This is entirely consistent with standard international practice in which student admission to an MDiv follows a four-year Bachelor\'27s degree\'2C which need not be a theological qualification.\'22 It is nevertheless odd that\'2C at the level of a Master\'27s programme any student who has completed a four-year Bachelors-degree or an Honours degree will be admitted irrespective of marks obtained. The selection of students is not commensurate with the programme\'27s academic requirements without the stipulation of some minimum in the percentage obtained for the previous qualification. Where students have obtained lower marks\'2C recognition of prior learning may be used to assess competence gained since the completion of such a previous qualification. The number of students expected to enroll \'2830 students per annum\'29 is in order.\line \line In addition to full-time staff members\'2C the Institution employs a large number of part-time staff members who will be involved in offering the programme. From a survey of their academic CVs it is evident that there is an appropriate spread between senior and more junior staff members. Nevertheless\'2C it needs to be noted that this is uneven for various individual cases\'2C that there is a tendency for qualifications to be obtained in-house \'28i.e. at the same institution\'29\'2C for publications to be in in-house journals\'2C including the Institution\'27s own journal\'2C and to portray textbooks and popular books as academic monographs. This tendency can be countered by ensuring the participation of staff members in the conferences of national academic societies. There is reference to some of these societies\'2C but others including the Theological Society of South Africa and the South African Science and Religion Forum are conspicuously absent. It can also be countered by appointing highly recognized external examiners. \line \line The Institution\'27s Policy on Staff Development states that\'2C \'22We encourage staff to further their qualifications in theology. If they choose to study with SATS\'2C their studies are free.\'22 This is an understandable strategy. However\'2C such an incentive will necessarily have the result of inbreeding\'2C namely where staff members obtain higher qualifications at the Institution and are therefore less exposed to the spectrum of approaches in the relevant field of study. The Institution should reconsider this policy.\line \line The academic and support staff complement is of sufficient size and seniority for the nature of the programme. They are sufficiently experienced. Since the Institution already offers a Masters by thesis and a PhD programme\'2C the necessary systems are in place for supervision of the structured Masters theses required in the programme.\line \line The Institution maintains an evangelical ethos where a statement of faith is required from staff members. This is in line with the mission of the Institution but does lead to some restrictions in terms of the selection of the staff members trained at institutions with a similar ethos\'2C often from the Institution itself. This can easily lead to inbreeding\'2C which is dangerous for the supervision of postgraduate theses. There is some evidence of redress but the staff statistics remained rather skewed in terms of gender and race.\line \line As an experienced distance learning-institution\'2C it is well aware of the requirements for teaching and learning at postgraduate level. There is also an ongoing process of upgrading teaching methods. This still need to be applied for the particular programme but that is dependent upon its accreditation. The Institution\'27s explanation of how competencies developed in the programme are aligned with the appropriate NQF level is credible. It remains odd that a programme aimed at ministerial training will be offered mainly \'28or exclusively\'29 on the basis of distance learning. Ministry itself cannot be done adequately without face-to-face contact. It is hard to see how training done through the mode of distance learning will not lead to distortions\'2C which registers some disjunction between the content and purpose of the programme and the mode of delivery. The Institution would be advised to consider some form of contact sessions\'2C even if only in the form of short courses for a few days at a time. Likewise\'2C supervision can hardly be done adequately through distance learning only. Some personal contact is required between supervisor and student that can then be followed up by electronic means. Supervision requires a relationship of trust that cannot be built by distance. One may presume that the Institution recognizes such needs so that there is indeed face to face contact even this is not a requirement for the programme.\line \line The policies and procedures for internal assessment are in order. The same applies to monitoring of student progress. At the Masters level\'2C all programme components should be externally examined\'2C not only the research component. The Institution does indicate that \'22Every exit-level course is moderated both internally and externally on a two-year cycle.\'22\line \line It must be noted that only one external examiner is appointed at Masters level for a thesis \'28two at the Doctoral level\'29. There is an internal examination procedure\'2C but an institution of this nature would be well advised to require two external examiners at the Masters level and three at the Doctoral level. This is especially important in cases of dispute where stringent policies need to be \'28and are\'29 in place. There is a list of supervisors with CV\'27s Understandably\'2C the Institution makes use of some retired academics\'2C albeit that too many of these are 75 years or older \'28some are even deceased\'29. For the sake of self-critical scholarship and the status of the programme itself\'2C it is important to appoint recognized scholars at South African public universities as external examiners and to avoid the use of too many scholars based at other private service providers. \line \line The Institution provides effective administrative services for managing the programme information system. This does ensure the integrity of the certification process.\line \line The procedures for the selection and appointment of supervisors are appropriate. The submission describes the role and responsibilities of supervisors and students in some detail. The track record of the Institution with postgraduate completions also suggests that this is in order. This is an important aspect given the mode of distance learning.\line \line The Institution specializes in distance learning and is well-acquainted with offering distance education. However\'2C as commented above on the programme content\'2C ministerial praxis and the misfit with the very nature of distance learning\'2C the Institution needs to consider some contact session to do justice to this combination. The comment that students may experience it as very difficult to have all supervision only through distance learning\'2C applies here\'2C too.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme is accredited with conditions.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Master of Divinity \'28240 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The Institution should review the curriculum for a Masters of Divinity and should include compulsory components on Systematic Theology\'2C in order to do justice to the academic and intellectual credibility of the programme and its focus. Additionally\'2C clarity should be provided on how a programme aimed at ministerial training \'28praxis\'29 will be offered mainly \'28or exclusively\'29 on the basis of distance learning.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. The minimum requirements for admission to the programme need to be revisited. A minimum of 60\'25 for the final year of the previous highest programme would be advised\'2C given the research component included in this programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 3. The Institution should submit a long-term staffing plan that clearly indicates how it will balance its institutional ethos with redress in \'28academic\'29 staff employment\'2C particularly in terms of gender and race.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 4. The Institution should develop and implement some form of contact sessions for students in the programme\'2C given its ministerial orientation and focus. Distance delivery in not fully commensurable with the programme\'27s focus.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Long-term\b0 \line 5. The Examination Policy should make provision for more external examination. The modules in the programme should be externally examined by recognized scholars in the field. Evidence of an extended list of external examiners should be submitted.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line The Institution should consider extending its offer of financial support for staff members who undertake further studies to institutions beyond itself\'2C to avoid inbreeding.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}