{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1055\'2FE001CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Orms Cape Town School of Photography\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Professional Photography \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 160\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 4th floor\'2C Pentagon Place\'2C 62 Roeland Street\'2C Cape Town\'2C 8001\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Orms Cape Town School of Photography is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Higher Certificate in Professional Photography programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 31st July \'E2\'80\'93 02 August 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 13 September 2018.  \line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A \line \line 1. The structure and the level of the programme is not appropriate for NQF Level 5 as the purpose is to develop the fundamentals of Photography but the detailed description of the outcomes suggest far more complex skills requirements. The pitching especially of some of the topics included is at an advanced level and not commensurate with a NQF Level 5 programme.  \line  2. The Institution has not described in detail the horizontal and vertical articulation along with the external and internal articulation pathways for the programme. \line  3. The title of the qualification is problematic as the term professional is not appropriate given that the aim is to prepare students to be junior photographers or assistants.\line  4. The admission and selection criteria have not been clearly stated given the proposed target market. The RPL Policy does not make a distinction between credit transfer and RPL process. In addition\'2C no marketing material has been provided.  \line  5. There are discrepancies with regards to teaching experience of staff members with contradictory years indicated for some individuals and some CVs are not included. The Academic Development Policy lack clarity and does not make explicit reference to the development of academics as teachers.  \line  6.  The Institution has not demonstrated that there is an Employment Equity Plan.\line  7.  There are inconsistencies and gaps in the Assessment Policy with regards to dispute resolution. \line  8. The Institution has not clarified if formative assessments receive a mark \'28as is common practice in creative fields\'29 or how the final marks are calculated per subject. There is no indication of what the required pass mark is. For some modules there is no indication of formative and summative assessment  \line  9. The library material and amounts allocated are inappropriate and insufficient. The lists provided indicate books not available in the Institution\'27s library and the stock also reflects a specific Eurocentric focus with the material also being far too advanced for this level of study. \line 10. The Certification Policy makes no reference to the security printing features for the certificates.  \line 11. There is insufficient evidence of rigorous quality assurance policies and systems in relation to the offering of a higher education programme. The application does not demonstrate that an understanding of the role and function of quality assurance issues associated with distance education provision has been built into Institutional policies and procedures.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the original application\'2C the first evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report and the additional information provided by the Institution as part of the representation and recommended that the programme should not be accredited.\line \line In the recommendation made by the HEQC it was stated that the structure and the level of the programme was not appropriate for NQF level 5 as the purpose of the qualification is to develop the fundamentals of Photography but the detailed description of the outcomes suggest far more complex skills requirements. It is the view of the evaluator that the structure and level of the programme remains unsuited for a NQF level 5 Higher Certificate. The Institution\'E2\'80\'99s assertion that the subject Creative Process and Discourse is \'E2\'80\'98relatively unique\'E2\'80\'99 is not a concern. Rather\'2C it is the level of cognitive engagement that is required that is also inappropriate for a foundational module such as a Higher Certificate. \line \line Furthermore\'2C the substantial increase in credits \'28160\'29 does not redress the cognitive demand of the outcomes in the context of a Higher Certificate. The range of skills-sets does not align with the level of the course and the sheer volume of the topics to be covered\'2C both theoretically and practically\'2C is the concern. It is not clear how the weekly schedule will cater for unexpected delays and unachieved outcomes. The packed syllabus and 45 week academic year does not align to the sector standard 30-week academic year\'2C and there is no typical WIL component to warrant this.  \line \line Given the nature of the outcomes\'2C and the fact that they are placed into a 120 credit NQF level 5 programme\'2C there is no possibility for provision to be made for progression from the basic\'2C to the intermediate to the advanced level skills indicated. The assessment criteria are at levels of achievement higher than NQF level 5. The programme should be compared with the international ICP - one which is designed for an already professional photographer. The Institution appears to have set the entry requirements for the Higher Certificate in such a way as to exclude students wanting a basic level photography which is the intended focus of a Higher Certificate. Although there is reference to some technical understanding in the curriculum\'2C it is not well defined and there is an imbalance between critical thought and technical understanding within the scope of this programme. \line \line The evaluator is of the view that the reason for non-accreditation in respect of programme design has not been addressed. The level of study does not equate to the outcomes and assessment criteria described. The comparison with the ICP qualification in the US is not appropriate in the context of the South African NQF level 5. The application appears to attempt to fit complex skills into an introductory 120 credit qualification based on considerations outside of the intended purpose and characteristics of a higher certificate.\line \line With regards to the articulation pathways\'2C the Institution states that entry into a first-degree programme in the creative industries is an option. Vertical articulation into higher level qualifications is in fact possible at other institutions. The institution should state that there are no articulation possibilities in the Institution. The evaluator is incorrect that the students admitted to this programme would not make the entry requirements for a degree or a diploma\'2C as the HEQSF makes provision for progression from an Higher Certificate to a degree. \line \line The Institution equates \'E2\'80\'98professional\'E2\'80\'99 photography with \'E2\'80\'98commercial\'E2\'80\'99 photography as a justification for the inclusion of the term Professional in the name. The word \'E2\'80\'9Caccountability\'E2\'80\'9D in the level descriptors is used as indicative of \'E2\'80\'98professionalism\'E2\'80\'99. This is a misappropriation of term to justify the use of professional. The notion of professional photographer is ambiguous and may be misleading as applied to a training programme as it implies a certain standard of practice and an approach honed through experience. It is not clear how these attributes may be learnt learned in one year. The comparison to commercial photography is thus not meaningful. Education towards well-rounded photography knowledge seems to be the approach of the Institution. The Institution does not adequately address this reason for non-accreditation. NQF level 5 indicates a basic introduction to the knowledge and skills in a field.  The programme as described is not achievable in the context of this course. \line \line In terms of the admission requirements\'2C the evaluator finds that the admission and selection criteria which were not clear are still unclear. The entrance requirements do not meet the requirements and are skewed to applicants already in possession of advanced skills. The concerns with the RPL Policy have not been addressed\'2C nor have the marketing material requirements. \line \line The evaluator references the website which\'2C the Directorate notes\'2C is not for a higher certificate at all\'2C but rather for a course offered currently. The admission requirements in the application are dominated by RPL indicating this could be the primary method of entrance into the system. However\'2C RPL is limited to 10\'25 of an intake. Although the Institution indicates that the portfolio does not require previous experience\'2C the requirement of three self-portraits\'2C nine photographs under the categories people\'2C places and things and a 200-500 word motivational letter appear to be the major selection tool. The portfolio requirements indicate a degree of familiarity with the basics of photography have already to be in place for admission. The evaluator is of the view that the Institution does not understand what an NQF 5 level programme entails.\line \line There is a lack of marketing materials\'2C as the Institution indicates that it may not advertise before accreditation is granted. The evaluator suggests that the Institution could provide a draft format or an example which could meet the requirements that clear information will be provided to students. \line \line Another HEQC recommendation specified that there were discrepancies with regards to the teaching experience of staff members with contradictory years indicated for some individuals and some CVs are not included. The Institution admits to submitting incomplete CVs. The Institution is of the view that the Teaching and Learning Policy includes academic development however there is no indication of an academic development programme designed to enhance the teaching ability of staff members. The Institution has not addressed reason 5 for non-accreditation. The Institution indicates that it is exempt from the equity provisions although it indicates that future growth projections will require such a plan\'2C which has been submitted. \line \line The Institution was informed that there were inconsistencies and gaps in the Assessment Policy with regards to dispute resolution. The Assessment Policy has been reviewed to address dispute resolution. A step by step grievance procedure in favour of the student is included.  The course guides have been reviewed to indicate whether assessment is formative or summative assessment and to clarify the final pass mark.\line \line With regards to the library\'2C the Institution submitted a Financial Plan to upgrade the library. Nonetheless\'2C the library is insufficient. The Institution has not demonstrated how the library will be transformed. The \'E2\'80\'9CPhotographic Reference Library\'E2\'80\'9D is inadequate for a general programme focus and does not support the outcomes. The \'E2\'80\'98Additional Reference Library\'E2\'80\'99 is dated although wider in scope but does not appear to be relevant to the course outcomes. The concerns about the library have not been met.  \line \line The Institution has not indicated how it will correct the flaws in its Certification Policy and security of certification. The issue of security associated with the duplication and falsification of qualification certificates has not been understood and addressed. The need for a distance learning policy has been addressed\'2C as the Institution is a contact learning institution. \line \line The evaluator recommends that the programme not be accredited. In its representation\'2C the institution fails to adjust the programme outcomes and curriculum to NQF level 5 . The course is over-ambitious and is modeled on an inappropriate international courses.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Professional Photography  \'28160 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. The curriculum as submitted does not demonstrate that it will enable students to achieve the purpose of the qualification. There is no alignment between the purpose of the programme and the level of the outcomes and the design of the curriculum. Consequently the proposed programme does not meet the requirements of a Higher Certificate as set out in the HEQSF.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The programme is inappropriately modeled on an international qualification to which the South African higher certificate does not align. As a result\'2C the student admission and selection requirements do not meet the requirements for a Higher Certificate. \line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. The Institution has not provided a convincing case that it has addressed the security of certification as required.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. The title of the qualification is not appropriate given that the aim is to prepare students to be junior photographers or assistants.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1-8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. The \'27Photographic Reference Library\'27 is inadequate for a general programme focus and does not support the outcomes. The \'27Additional Reference Library\'27 is dated although wider in scope but does not appear to be relevant to the course outcomes.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}