{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR369\'2FE036CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Regent Business School\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Public Relations Management \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Durban Campus\line Regent Business School\line 35 Samora Machel Street\line Durban\line 4001\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Regent Business School is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education Institution with programmes accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is applying for the accreditation of a Diploma in Public Relations Management programme which will be offered in a distance mode of delivery at the Durban Campus - 35 Samora Machel Street\'2C Durban\'2C South Africa\line \line The Institution also applied for the accreditation of the following programmes which are still in process\'3A\line \line - Diploma in Marketing Management\line - Higher Certificate in Entrepreneurship\line - Doctor of Business Administration\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The programme is going to be offered in distance mode from their Durban campus.  The programme is in line with the institution\'27s mission. According to the evaluato the programme contains a very standard set of modules with very much the standard content in each of the modules \'3F resembling much of the \'3Fold\'3F National Diploma in Public Relations that was offered in the past.  Except for a WIL component all the traditional components are included with the three \'3Fmajor\'3F year modules as subjects\'3A  Public Relations 1 to 3\'2C Communication Studies 1 to 3 and Marketing and Media 1 to 3 \'28combined 90 credits per year\'29 with two modules of 15 credits \'28semester modules\'29 each in support of the \'3Fmajor\'3F subjects every year. For the three \'3Fmajors\'3F there are only one prescribed book that will cover all three years\'3F content \'28effectively 900 notional hours devoted to a single book for each \'3Fmajor\'3F\'29.  No additional reading required by means of recommended sources identified. This has to be clarified.\line \line The CESM category the institution used for this programme. In this submission \'28and the SAQA submission\'29 the programme is classified as CESM category 04 \'28subfield 0401\'3A Business Administration\'2C Management and Operations\'29 \'3F which is an obvious misfit and which do not refer to communication and PR at all. A superficial assessment of the content could suggest a possible categorization in CESM category 4 - subfield 0403 \'28Business Communication\'29 or 0411 \'28Marketing\'29. However\'2C looking at the outcomes and assessment criteria in the SAQA document as well as the outline of the programme the majority of outcomes and modules clearly place the programme in CESM Category 05\'3A Communication\'2C Journalism and related studies within the subfield\'3A 0504\'3A Public Relations\'2C Advertising and applied communication. \line \line The proposed marketing strategy as submitted include advertising in newspapers\'2C radio and television\'2C exhibitions and career fairs\'2C the institutional website and other online venues as well as to the institution\'3Fs alumni.  The admission requirements are complying with the statutory framework. The institution has indicated that RPL will be considered for admission and credits towards modules \'3F after assessment of a PoE. In the RPL policy it is stated that a a maximum of 10 \'25 of students of a cohort will be granted access into a programme via credit accumulation and transfer. It is not clear if this included general RPL admissions. More information is needed. The institution plan to enroll 30 students in the first year of offering\'2C increasing to 50 in the second year and 70 in the third year of offering. \line \line In the submission a list of 7 lecturing staff members is provided.  All of the staff members are appropriately qualified \'282 with PhD\'3Fs\'2C 3 with Master\'3Fs qualifications and one with a LLB and another with a BTech in Public relations.  A suitably qualified programme coordinator has been identified. The role of the programme coordinator has been adequately described. The institution listed a number of opportunities for development of staff internally as well as externally ranging from in-house staff development opportunities for professional development \'28internal\'29 and external development programmes. The institution listed seven full-time staff members responsible for the development of the programme \'28and who will take responsibility for teaching it\'29.  These staff members are well and appropriately qualified and experienced.  Taking the relatively small numbers of students envisaged \'28see the discussion in Criterion 2\'29 there are sufficient staff members for offering the programme.  In the submission the institution provided evidence of extensive policies dealing with the appointment\'2C development and support for staff members as well as compliance with legislation.  \line \line With regard to the teaching and learning strategy\'2C the institution use a web portal \'28myregent\'29 as distribution and communication channel for all students.  In the submission\'2C the institution\'3Fs teaching and learning approach is described as a mix of intensive contact workshops\'2C study groups and self-directed learning\'2C which is supported by specially developed learning materials\'2C such as videos\'2C prepared by the institution. The workshops are held in some of the regional centres of the institution and is not compulsory for students. The institution also provides online audio-visual support material. A number of support mechanisms are available to students ranging from one-to-one support via telephone\'2C consultations\'2C email\'2C and social media to workshops\'2C videos\'2C pastoral care and counselling services. According to the submission\'2C different mechanisms are in place to monitor student progress\'2C identifying at-risk students and interventions to manage those identified.  \line \line According to the submission \'28as a generic description\'29 every module is assessed via assignments \'28formative assessment\'29 which constitute 40\'25 of the final mark and a summative assessment in the form of a formal venue based examination \'28constitute 60\'25 of the final mark\'29. From the submission and the documentation\'2C such as the assessment policy document\'2C  it seems as if summative assessments of all modules are internally and externally moderated \'28not only the exit level modules as required\'29.   In the documentation a list of examination venues \'28at least one in most provinces and some of our neighboring countries\'29 is provided.   The whole examination process is highly regulated \'28see the list of some of the policies\'2C procedures\'2C instructions\'2C forms etc. below\'29.  At least 20 \'28or 20\'25\'29 of all scripts are required to be moderated externally.  \line \line Although the institution provides distance education it does have a number of well-equipped venues on site \'3F 21 classrooms \'2F lecture halls with capacity ranging from 30 to 288 seats.  In addition there are 3 seminar rooms with dedicated equipment to accommodate webinars and video conferences as well as an auditorium for larger audiences.  There is a \'3Fsmart laboratory\'3F and a library with a computer laboratory attached to it.  The whole venue and recreation areas are WiFi connected. The institution claims that their library systems give students access to more than 2 million items via the electronic access as well as the physical resources. The library is open seven days per week and a librarian and library support staff are available to support students. \line \line As an established institution evidence were provided of an effective administrative system that provides for all the processes. The ICT systems are also properly established to support the administration \'3F also for this programme.  The institution\'3Fs MIS is on MS Windows in the form of a Relational database \'28SQL Server 2000. Language\'3A Microsoft VB.net\'29.  On the MIS \'28GPInfotech as service provider\'29 provision for 512 fields are made.  Access to the system is properly secured and the student system integrated. Well established and proper administrative systems are in place to support the programme.\line \line According to the evaluator\'2C the institution is an established distance education organization with all systems in place to support the mode of teaching.  \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Public Relations Management  \'28360 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line In the RPL policy it is stated that a a maximum of 10 \'25 of students of a cohort will be granted access into a programme via credit accumulation and transfer. It is not clear if this included general RPL admissions. More information is needed.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line The prescribed readings list is incomplete. The institution has to provide the prescribed books and the recommended readings for each module on the Diploma.\line \line The institution has to correct the CESM categories for the programme. CESM Category 05\'3A Communication\'2C Journalism and related studies within the subfield\'3A 0504\'3A Public Relations\'2C Advertising and applied communication. This has to be corrected on the SAQA document as well.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}