{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR846\'2FE002CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Luther Varsity in Southern Africa\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Theology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 370\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Denel Campus \'28Building R01 and R02\'29\line 3-8 Atlas Road\line Kempton Park\line 1622\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Luther Varsity in Southern Africa is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes that are accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is applying for the accreditation of a Bachelor of Theology programme which will be offered in the distance mode of delivery at Main Campus - Kempton Park.\line \line This is the first application from the Institution.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator indicated that the programme in terms of Criteria 2\'2C 3\'2C 4\'2C 7 and 8 does not comply with the minimum requirements for accreditation\'2C while the programme in terms of Criteria 5 and 6 need improvement. However\'2C the programme design needs improvement\'2C moving to a realistic elective and credit load. The evaluator suggested that the Institution should be offered an opportunity to address these aspects in order to submit a revised application for accreditation. \line \line The proposed Theology programme is aligned with the mentioned LUSA\'27s Mission and has to be understood in terms of the ecumenical body that serves as its primary clientele and by which such graduates will probably be employed\'2C namely the Lutheran Communion in Southern Africa \'28LUSA\'29 and its 16-member churches in ten SADC member countries. It adds an ambitious range of further goals. LUSA aims to play a critical role in the transformation of this sector by graduating Theologians that will provide moral necessary grounding and a foundation for strong\'2C community-centered leadership. \line \line The outcomes for the programme have been provided. It is odd that an understanding of the Lutheran heritage and its emphasis on an understanding of the Christian faith is underplayed so that expertise in Systematic Theology is not mentioned. The sequence of these six aspects raise further questions about the underlying logic or lack thereof.\line \line The proposed curriculum is by itself credible and includes aspects that will typically be included in any Bachelors of Theology programme. However\'2C there are serious concerns over the viability of what is proposed. The curriculum includes a total of no less than 72 modules\'2C of which 68 are between 10 and 16 credits and a total of 810 credits. It may be possible to teach all the compulsory modules\'2C but it is hardly possible to teach all the electives\'2C including courses in Hebrew and Greek with such a small teaching staff member. The curriculum reads more like a putative wish list than like a programme to be implemented. The minimum duration \'28years\'29 for completion for part-time students is stated as 6 years\'2C which may be feasible and realistic but the norm is five years.\line \line The Institution aims to enroll 70 students into the first year of the programme from various areas in South Africa\'2C with 20\'25 international students coming mostly from the SADC region. The recruitment efforts will pay specific attention to the enrolment of women as a fast-growing demographic within the community of religious practitioners. The enrolment of women will ensure a 51\'25 representation within the student body from different social circumstances to promote an equitable representation without discrimination. Academic merit shall be central in the selection process utilizing the LUSA student admissions Points System. However\'2C it is doubtful whether a new institution can indeed enroll 70 students per year from such sources for a total of 210 students within the first three years. Compared to similar residential institutions offering a Bachelors of Theology\'2C it must be said that such recruitment figures are highly unlikely. Given that the budget is based on such enrollment\'2C fees of R30 000 per student per year and taking note of the financial position of most of the target student population\'2C this is hardly realistic. \line \line No information brochures are available from the institution\'27s website\'2C which is indicated as the primary mode of information. The overall impression is that the Institution is not yet in a position to start implementing its programme and much more work would need to be in place.\line \line The Institution lists 5 members of staff member but did not provide any CV\'27s. From other sources the following can be established\'3A the head of the institution\'2C is a highly experienced ecumenical officer with relatively little tertiary experience\'3B one is a retired Professor from Unisa\'3B another is a high-profile Methodist Bishop with little substantive teaching experience\'3B and another is presumably the former general secretary of the Zimbabwean Council of Churches\'2C with very little if any tertiary teaching experience\'3B another holds a Master\'E2\'80\'99s degree and teaches Child Psychology - which is not core to the planned curriculum. Together these people are certainly highly influential figures who may be crucial for the reputation of the Institution but they are almost all retired and hardly able to engage in the kind of undergraduate teaching envisaged by the Institution. The staff members indicated may serve on a governing board but are not indicative of the teaching staff member for the programme\'2C except perhaps as occasional lecturers.\line \line No evidence is provided that the envisaged appointments \'28a core faculty comprising of 4 permanently engaged lecturers with PhD\'27s in Theology working at professor level and 2 temporary lecturers with Masters Degrees in Theology at associate professor level\'3B supported by 1 Academic Coordinator\'2C 1 Student Affairs Officer\'2C 1 Senior Librarian and a Library Assistant\'2C 1 Faculty Assistant\'2Fsecretary\'29 are in process\'2C or that sufficient funding is available to make such appointments during the course of 2019. The staggered increase in staff member as the programme is rolled out\'2C does not seem to be quantified and budgeted for. It is also not clear that the Institution will be able to recruit four senior members of staff members at the professorial level\'2C and it will also be inappropriate to appoint a person with a Master\'E2\'80\'99s degree as an Associate professor. The budget allocated for such lecturers \'283 x net salaries\'29\'2C namely 1\'2C013\'2C760.00 for 2019 is not realistic\'2C at least not to attract the persons mentioned above. The impression is that the persons listed as staff member are senior church leaders who expressed support for the establishment of the Institution\'3B if so\'2C it is not clear who the teaching staff member will be.\line \line The Institution indicates that the following academic and faculty staff member form the full complement of the faculty human resources to be rolled out in 10 years. The faculty will begin operations with the staff member mentioned above\'2C and then grow annually at an average of 20\'25.\line \line Although the Institution indicates that the programme does not require any support staff members with specialist skills and competencies\'2C it nevertheless adds that the following appointments will be made\'3A Dean\'2C responsible for the executive administrative management of the faculty. Although the Dean is the Faculty Head\'2C the Dean does not form part of the regular teaching staff member. Several positions have been indicated\'2C however\'2C no evidence is provided that such appointments are in process and that sufficient funding is available to make suitable appointments.\line \line There is also a concern over the capacity of the Institution to teach the programme. It states that 40\'25 of learning will take place through contact sessions \'28given a total of 810 credits and 8100 learning hours this will require 3240 hours of teaching time\'29. It is not clear how this will be feasible even with the envisaged staff complement.\line \line The Institution included in its submission a set of reflections on the forms of teaching and learning that are indeed appropriate for the envisaged programme. It speaks of Cooperative Learning\'2C Inquiry-Based Instruction\'2C Learning Stations\'2C Graphic Organizers and Utilizing Technology in the Classroom. However\'2C the submission does not give specifics\'2C set targets\'2C plans for implementation\'2C and mechanisms to monitor progress\'2C evaluate impact and effect improvement. While the goals are stated\'2C and the policies are provided\'2C no further details are provided on the systems that are in place to attend to the assessment of a fairly large student body.\line \line The Institution provided some formal parameters for assessment\'2C but no details are provided on the actual procedures that are in place. General statements include that \'22LUSA defines competence as the combination of practical\'2C foundational and reflective competence as defined or outlines in the registered module\'2Fcourse or qualification\'22\'2C which are then accompanied by equally general descriptions of formative\'2C summative and continuous assessments.\line \line No procedures for external examination are indicated. The impression is that the Institution reflected on aspects of assessment but did not as yet develop the necessary structures and processes to attend to the task of actually planning for assessing students within this programme. The documentation provided remains vague and policy orientated\'2C with scant evidence of the envisaged implementation plans. \line \line The programme will be supported through a digital network of a computer lab and WIFI connectivity for student laptops and tablets. This infrastructure will be managed by LUSA\'27s Facilities Management Department of which the Information Technology unit is based.\'22 The Institution may have access to suitable and sufficient venues\'2C but this is on condition that proof can be provided on an agreement with Denel for the use of its facilities. The same applies to IT infrastructure. No evidence of any existing library or library resources have been provided. \line \line The Institution claims that Denel Campus in Kempton Park are the rented facilities where the landlord \'28Denel\'29 is responsible for ensuring compliance with all Occupational Health and Safety regulations. Compliance certificates are issued and duly renewed by the landlord for all buildings occupied by LUSA. However\'2C no proof of such a rental agreement has been provided.\line \line There is no indication that the library contains any books. This may be presumed\'2C but then it remains important to know what kind of reference sources\'2C books\'2C journals and online sources are available to students.\line \line Regarding online resources\'2C the Institution gives the undertaking that it will put into place\'2C subscriptions to electronic journals and other periodicals such as almanacs\'2C newspapers and newsletters to ensure that contemporary reference materials are available for students. Online access will be facilitated within all campus computer laboratories as well as through mobile logins into the LUSA student portal. However\'2C no evidence of any arrangements in this regard was provided.\line \line The Institution claims that it will utilize the ONE WORLD STUDENT INFORMATION SYSTEM \'28OneWorldSIS\'29 which is built on the Microsoft Dynamics 365 platform. The Faculty will be supported by the Central Administration which together provide and manage information through the electronic Student Management Systems as well as other secure LUSA protocols that reinforce security\'2C validity and reliability of information and records. \line \line There is no indication of the administrative personnel or what their qualifications are and whether they have been appointed\'2C which makes it difficult to judge the administrative systems that are in place \'28or not in place\'29. Again\'2C the submission created the impression that some planning has not been done in this regard\'2C but that the documentation cannot yet be provided because planning is still in progress. The application appears premature.\line \line Finally\'2C various inconsistencies mar the application\'2C the name of the Institution include the term \'22Varsity\'22 while the acronym LUSA uses \'22U\'22 \'28for university\'3F\'29\'3B despite the reference to the Denel campus no details are provided on this venue\'2C or the agreement to make use of its facilities\'3B the date by which the Institution plans to start offering the programme is given as 2019-08-05\'3B the curriculum extends over three years but the recruitment refers to 4 levels of recruitment\'2C and\'2C the staff members indicated are very unlikely to be involved in actually teaching the programme. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme is not accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Theology \'28370 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. In too many respects the submission is based on preliminary planning but the necessary structures and core appointments are not yet in place to certify quality assurance on aspects such as a lack of clarity regarding the appointment of administrative and support staff members. An inadequate budget for the provisioning for all these items has been submitted.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1-8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The curriculum is presented as a putative wish list which includes a total of no less than 72 modules\'2C of which 68 are between 10 and 16 credits and a total of 810 credits although the programme is a 360 credit programme. It may be possible to teach all the compulsory modules\'2C but it is hardly possible to teach all the electives\'2C including courses in Hebrew and Greek with such a small teaching staff member. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. The Institution has presented unrealistic student recruitment targets.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. The Institution has not demonstrated that the staff members that are indicated are likely to be involved in actually teaching in the programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. The Institution has provided insufficient information on the staff workload in relation to the number of students to be enrolled in the programme and appears to be unrealistic in the anticipated distribution of the work.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3 and 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 6. The Assessment Strategy\'2C the range of assessments envisaged and how these will contribute to student learning have not been elaborated on. Information on moderation also does not adequately describe the measures to be adopted. The documentation provided on assessment remains vague and policy orientated\'2C with scant evidence of the implementation plans.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 7. Reference to the Denel campus has been made in the documentation however no details are provided on this venue and the suitability of the facilities. No proof of a rental agreement has been provided or an agreement to make use of its facilities.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 8. There is no evidence of an actual library and IT provisioning.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 9. The name of the Institution includes the term \'22Varsity\'22 while the acronym LUSA uses \'22U\'22 for university. The use of the name university is exclusively for public higher education institutions. According to the HE Act 1997 no independent school as defined in the South African Schools Act\'2C 1996 \'28Act 84 of 1996\'29\'2C or other private education institution may call itself a university.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1-8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}