{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 6th October 2020\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1047\'2FE007CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Morentho Institute SA\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql  Diploma in Business\'2C Economics and Management Studies \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Morentho Institute  Sa\line No 39 Rosettenville  Rd\'2C\line Village main\line Faraday\line Johannesburg \line Gauteng Province \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Morentho Institute SA is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution and does not have any programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution applied for accreditation of the Diploma in Business\'2C Economics and Management Studies which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 19th of November 2018 and HEQC meeting held on the 14th of February 2019.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. The programme\'27s design in terms of its coherence\'2C conceptualisation and intellectual credibility as a purposeful and structured set of learning experiences that lead to a qualification is lacking in terms of the following\'3A\line - The programme type is not consistent as in different documents the Institution refers to this programme as a Degree programme\'2C when it is a Diploma programme.\line - The module outlines document speaks to a Bachelor degree and not the Diploma thus making the outlines provided not relevant. It is not possible for the modules to be the same on both the programmes.\line - The name of the programme is not suitable as it does not meet the HEQSF requirements for the programme type.\line - Conflicting information has been provided regarding the module content\'2C level\'2C credits\'2C purpose\'2C outcomes and rules of combination.\line - There is no evidence of knowledge progression in the curriculum as all the modules are at NQF Level 6.\line - Some of the outcomes in the module outlines are not in line with the particular level and in some cases what was listed cannot be called outcomes.\line - The prescribed reading list is incomplete. \line 2. The Institution has not provided possible articulation opportunities for the programme as the information that has been submitted is not relevant. \line 3. There is a discrepancy with regard to the duration of the programme as it indicated in one document that it is 3 years and in another it is indicated as 4 years. \line 4. The Institution has not provided information pertinent to the proposed programme in terms of admission and selection criteria and the student Enrolment Plan. Information about the application of RPL as an access route into the programme is unclear.\line 5. Although a placement agreement has been submitted\'2C there is no further evidence of practical workplace experience or Work-Integrated Learning on the curriculum.\line 6. The Institution has not demonstrated that it has sufficient and relevantly qualified and experienced academic staff members to offer the programme as there is no information available to assess the appropriateness of the qualifications or experience in the focus area of the programme. The staffing list is not complete and the Workload Allocation Model has not been provided. \line 7. The Teaching and Learning Strategy is generic and does not speak to the specifics of the programme. No information about the tutors in the programme has been provided. More information is required regarding the policy on class attendance and admission into examinations. \line 8. The application lacks detail about the assessment methods\'2Factivities for this particular programme\'2C as well as the assessment weightings in each and every module. Student assessment policies and procedures are very vague and the procedures for assessment for this particular programme have not been provided. The process of recording assessment results needs to be explained.\line 9. The Programme Coordinator is not currently employed by the Institution according to the CV which was submitted. There is a lack of information on the academic support staff members allocated to this particular programme.\line \line The Institution submitted a representation which has been evaluated.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the recommendation of the HEQC and the representation made by the Institution. The summary of the evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report pertaining to each of the reasons for non-accreditation is provided below.\line \line With regard to reason 1\'3A In its representation\'2C the Institution has not provided clarity on the programme title. Whilst it does refer to a Diploma\'2C the name of the Diploma differs from the title in the original online application and is now the Diploma of Business Administration\'2C Management and Operations in Business Management. However\'2C the qualification title in the SAQA document has not been changed and is therefore inconsistent with the revised title. Furthermore\'2C the new title has two qualifiers and the Institution has not clarified that the programme design complies with the 50\'25 rule pertaining to each qualifier.  \line \line The total number of credits for the programme is inconsistent in the representation as well as in the module outline. The module outlines submitted with the representation differ from those submitted with the initial online application and the evaluator was unable to ascertain whether or not the reason for non-accreditation has been addressed. The Directorate notes that the Institution appears to be submitting a completely new programme with a different title and associated modules which necessitates a new online application. The naming of the programme is not aligned with the HEQSF.  \line \line In view of the inconsistencies in the naming of the programme\'2C the evaluator comments that it is not possible to evaluate the coherence and critical alignment of the programme design. There is a lack of alignment between the module titles and associated content for \'27Calculations of Business and Business Production i\'27. Furthermore\'2C \'27Business Production i\'27 and \'27ii\'27 are exactly the same but are offered in two different academic years. The Institution has submitted rules of combination as part of the representation but these refer to the previous programme\'2C that is\'2C Diploma of Business\'2C Administration and Management. \line \line The Institution has clarified that all the modules in the first year are at NQF level 5\'2C all the modules in Year 2 are at NQF Level 6 and with the exception of three modules that are at NQF Level 6\'2C all the other modules in Year 3 are at NQF Level 7. There are a minimum of 120 credits at NQF level 6 which is compliant with the HEQSF. \line \line The Institution has not addressed the issue of a lack of alignment between the module title\'2C outcomes\'2C content and NQF level. For example\'3A the module description for Marketing \'28i\'29 refers to the fundamentals of South African legislation\'2C whilst none of the learning outcomes relate to marketing\'3B the learning outcomes for Economics \'28i\'29 refer to marketing outcomes and Economics outcomes are not included\'3B some modules have only one module outcome\'3B some module outcomes are challenging to comprehend. Although a prescribed reading list has been provided\'2C it is not possible to determine whether these sources are recent. The evaluator could not determine the meaning of the dates included in the representation.  \line \line With regard to reason 2\'2C the Institution has not identified opportunities for articulation .\line \line In reference to reason 3\'3A Whilst the minimum duration for full-time students is indicated as three years\'2C for part-time students it is indicated as eight years which is not appropriate. \line \line In reference to reason 4\'3A The Directorate notes that in the representation\'2C the minimum admission requirements are reflected under \'E2\'80\'9Cmature age exemption\'E2\'80\'9D and that the requirements are compliant with current legislation. No information has been provided on the enrolment plan specifically for the programme. The Institution has provided information on the implementation of RPL processes which may be department- or even programme-specific. However\'2C there is a lack of alignment between the representation and the RPL Policy regarding the percentage of students to be admitted via RPL.  The policy does not stipulate a maximum of 10\'25 of admissions through RPL whereas the representation refers to a policy statement in this regard. \line \line The Directorate notes that whilst the Institution has provided information on WIL \'28for reason 5\'29\'2C the representation indicates that experiential learning\'2C requiring work placement\'2C is not included in the programme design nor in the learning activities. However\'2C the Institution implements other modalities of WIL across the programme as is evident in the student workload provided in the representation.\line \line In terms of reason 6\'2C there is a lack of clarity on the status of the staff referred to in the representation and for whom CVs have been provided by the Institution. In the representation\'2C there is no indication that these are potential candidates for recruitment. The CVs of some of the individuals indicate that they are in full-time employment elsewhere. The information provided was inadequate to verify that individuals comply with the requirements pertaining to the minimum qualifications and relevant teaching experience in higher education. The evaluator was unable to evaluate the workload of staff since the Institution has only provided a table of staff workload percentage ratios. Furthermore\'2C there is inadequate and unverifiable information on the number of staff and no information on the enrolment plan.  \line \line In its representation\'2C the Institution has not provided the Teaching and Learning Strategy specifically for this programme.  It has clarified that senior students serve as tutors and that they do not teach. The role of the tutors is to provide subject-specific guidance and support\'2C and to provide immediate feedback. No information has been provided regarding the policy on class attendance and admission to examinations.  \line \line Whilst the Institution has provided clarity on formative and summative assessments\'2C there is still a lack of information regarding the assessments for each of the modules in the programme. A general statement is made pertaining to assessments for modules of varying duration but the application thereof\'2C in this programme\'2C is not explained. No information has been provided regarding the recording of assessment results.  \line \line The Institution has not clarified the status of the programme coordinator regarding whether or not this individual has been appointed. Furthermore\'2C there is a lack of clarity on the roles and responsibilities of the Programme Coordinator\'2C Programme Manager and the Training Coordinator. Whilst the representation confirms that there are seven academic staff members and four lecturers supported by ten full-time equivalent professional staff members\'2C there is a lack of clarity on what the difference is between academic staff members and lecturers. There is also a lack of clarity on the number of staff reflected in the original application which differs significantly from the numbers reflected in the representation\'2C that is\'2C 57 full-time academic staff members\'2C 20 part-time academic staff members and 53 administrative and support staff members. \line \line The programme does not meet the minimum standards for any of the criteria pertaining to this representation.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should not be accredited.  \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i  Diploma in Business\'2C Economics and Management Studies  \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1.1 The Institution appears to be submitting a completely new programme with a different title and associated modules which necessitates a new online application. \line \line 1.2 The duration of the programme for part-time students is inappropriate. \line \line 1.3 The Institution has not identified opportunities for articulation.\line \line 1.4 The total number of credits for the programme is inconsistently reflected in the representation and in the module outlines.\line \line 1.5 There is a lack of alignment between the qualification title and the programme design. The qualification title is not consistent with the requirements of the HEQSF.  The lack of clarity on the qualification title \'28two different titles are used in the representation and associated documents\'29 impacts on the verification of the coherence and critical alignment of the programme design.  \line \line 1.6 There is a lack of clarity on the qualification title as the qualification title has been revised but both the previous and the revised title are used in the application. Therefore\'2C  it is not possible to evaluate the coherence and critical alignment of the programme design.  \line \line 1.7 There is a lack of alignment between the module title\'2C outcomes\'2C content and NQF level.\line \line 1.8 There is a lack of clarity regarding the publication dates pertaining to the prescribed reading list.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2.1 There is a lack of alignment between the representation and the RPL Policy regarding the percentage of students to be admitted via RPL.\line \line 2.2 The Institution has not provided an enrolment plan specifically for the programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3.1 There is a lack of clarity on the number and status of the staff referred to in the representation and for whom CVs have been provided by the Institution. In the representation\'2C there is no indication that these are potential candidates for recruitment\'2C nor is there clarity that they comply with the minimum requirements pertaining to their qualifications and experience.  \line \line 3.2 There is a lack of clarity on the status of the appointment of the programme coordinator and the roles and responsibilities of the Programme Coordinator\'2C Programme Manager and the Training Coordinator.  \line \line 3.3 There is a lack of clarity on the workload of the staff as the Institution has only reflected percentage ratios per category of staff. The workload allocation relating to each module in the programme has not been provided. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\'2C 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4.1 The Institution has not provided information regarding the policy on class attendance and admission to examinations.  \line \line 4.2 The Institution has not provided the Teaching and Learning Strategy specifically for this programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5.1 There is a lack of information regarding the assessments for each of the modules in the programme. \line \line 5.2 There is a lack of information regarding the recording of assessment results. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}