{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR075\'2FE023CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Foundation for Professional Development\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Nursing and Midwifery\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 480\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 480\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 4 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line FPD Knowledge Park\'2C East Block\line 173 Mary Street\line The Willows\line 0184\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Foundation for Professional Development is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution. \line \line The Institution is applying for the accreditation of a Bachelor of Nursing and Midwifery programme which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at the Main Campus - FPD Knowledge Park\'2C East Block\'2C 173 Mary Street\'2C The Willows\'2C 0184 \line \line The Institution has the following programmes accredited by CHE in the field of Health Sciences\'3A \line - Diploma in Nursing\line - Certificate in Advanced Health Management \line - Advanced Diploma in Aesthetic Medicine\line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of a Diploma in nursing programme which is still in process\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator indicated that the programme in terms of Criteria 1 and 5 does not comply with minimum requirements for accreditation\'2C while the programme in terms of Criteria 2\'2C 3\'2C 6\'2C and 7 was deemed to be in need of improvement. The evaluator commented that the application was not well written in all respects and that some evidence has been uploaded that is clearly aligned to the Diploma in Nursing programme\'2C and not applicable to a Bachelor of Nursing and Midwifery. As the annual intake has not been stated\'2C it is not possible to evaluate the sufficiency of many of the infrastructure and resources aspects. Some policies are outdated but were nevertheless uploaded. The evaluator reviewed the application and recommends that the programme is deferred. However\'2C The Directorate notes that the application does not meet minimum standards in many respects\'2C and most of the concerns are integral to the quality of the programme. It is recommended that the programme is not accredited.\line \line The Foundation for Professional Development requested accreditation for a Bachelor of Nursing and Midwifery\'2C 480 credits at NQF Level 8 over four years. The programme has been approved by the relevant governance structure on the 1 September 2017. The first intake of the programme is planned for January 2020. The vision of FPD is to build a better society through education and capacity development. The institutional mission and goals\'2C academic planning framework and Teaching and Learning Plan have been operationalized into an academic plan and programme profile. The graduate will be comprehensively qualified\'3B and therefore\'2C the programme integrates midwifery\'2C mental health\'2C medical-surgical nursing science and primary health care skills. This qualification is intended to prepare the qualifying learner as a professional nurse who will be able to meet the service delivery needs of the country. \line \line Articulation is described correctly according to the approved SAQA document.  The modules for the programme have been developed on NQF Level 5-8 and the modules comply with the stipulations of Reg 174 and the HEQSF. A SAQA document has been uploaded. The modules are outlined in detail in an uploaded document. There is one concern with the modules\'3A in the first year\'2C there are two non-credit bearing modules namely Introduction to Scholarship and English Proficiency. Though the value of these two modules are understood\'2C it is not possible to determine the time required for the modules and how it will fit in an academic year with 120 credits. More information is required.\line \line The rules of progression to a next year has not been described at all\'2C although information on WIL and theoretical credits were provided.  The institution failed to indicate how the competencies developed in the programme align with the relevant exit level.  The application for SABC approval was uploaded\'2C but no evidence of SANC approval was available.\line \line The Institution uses a multichannel marketing approach to promote the qualification including their website and other digital marketing channels\'2C open days and career exhibitions\'2C published media and broadcasting. The FPD Academic Board and structures have incorporated the required legislative and governance requirements in terms of its planned conduct and marketing promotions of the institution and the qualification. The selection criteria correspond with the current legislative framework. The Admissions policy is posted on the institution\'E2\'80\'99s website. Applicants\'2C who pass the initial academic screening\'2C will be invited for psychometric testing. The enrolment plan has not been provided. \line RPL is granted based on an appropriate assessment designed for RPL candidate. It constitutes a guided process of evidence accumulation\'2C culminating in a Portfolio of Evidence to demonstrate competencies. Should the candidate achieve a pass mark\'2C the institution will grant the candidate access to the programme. Both policies are comprehensive and well written.\line \line Six full time and two part-time educators will be involved in the programme. All are appropriately qualified. From the application and the uploaded CVs\'2C four of the eight educators have a Nursing Education degree. Some of the educators without a Nursing Education are medical practitioners\'2C though some have a nursing background. It is unclear whether these educators are progressing with a Nursing Education qualification or not. According to the application\'2C all staff undergo a compulsory Train the Trainer short learning programme. \line Four educators are allocated to WIL facilitation in addition to their theoretical load.  The programme has an appropriately qualified coordinator\'2C whose role and responsibilities have been described in detail. The qualifications of the Academic Head of the institution is a concern. According to the Nursing Education and Training standards\'2C the Head of the NEI is a registered professional nurse and midwife who holds an additional qualification in nursing education and nursing management\'2C but the current Academic Head holds a D Ed. qualification with no nursing qualifications at all. \line \line Several opportunities exist to improve the educators\'E2\'80\'99 growth and development. These include staff induction and orientation procedures. Educators are provided with an in-house training programme on an annual basis\'2C presented by the Academic Development Unit. Staff development takes place in line with the FPD\'E2\'80\'99s Skills Development Plan. An annual performance appraisal is done using a Key Performance Area \'28KPA\'29 approach. KPA\'E2\'80\'99s are developed in consultation between staff and supervisor at the beginning of the year and appraised at the end of the year through a written and interview methodology. Educators are encouraged to undertake further studies and financial support is provided on a Master\'E2\'80\'99s programme level\'2C provided the studies would benefit the operations of the FPD. Study leave is available.  The workload model has been described and includes hours related to lecturing\'2C preparation\'2C assessment\'2C WIL and administration. \line \line Several HR related policies and procedures have been uploaded to ensure that staff recruitment follows relevant legislation\'2C including Condition of Service\'2C Compliance with Policies and Procedures\'2C an example of a contract\'2C Employment Equity Policy and Procedures.  Support staff for the programme includes an Academic Executive\'2C Registrar\'2C Head of Nursing School\'2C Head of Curriculum Development and Quality Assurance\'2C Skills laboratory coordinator and administrator\'2C as well as administrative personnel. Additional staff includes tuition center coordinators\'2C IT personnel\'2C financial management and an operations department. The CVs of the support personnel have been uploaded.  Ensuring sufficient support staff is done via existing business and operational structures incorporating a strict cycle of evaluation\'2C monitoring and planning for all components of the business and the delivery of vocational and accredited qualifications. \line \line A Teaching and Learning policy has been uploaded. The policy is well written. The institution uses an outcomes-based approach in academic programmes. The focus is to inculcate independent\'2C lifelong learning through ensuring that programmes and modules on consecutive NQF levels are planned and implemented. In addition\'2C there is a key focus on improvement of student retention\'2C throughput and graduation rates.  The modes of delivery include face-to-face contact between learning facilitators and students\'2C information and communication technology\'2C and experiential learning. The different modes are used complementary to one another and appropriate to the student and module profile\'2C as well as the programme outcomes. Facilitation of learning occurs through both ICT and in the classroom. Interactive learning material is designed to inspire students to engage with the content. The modules in the programme are aligned to the exit level outcomes and these as well as critical cross fields outcomes and level descriptors are used as guidelines for content determination. \line \line Work Integrated Learning forms an integral and complies with professional regulatory requirements. Three MOUs for clinical placements have been uploaded\'3A with Tshwane University of Technology to use their Clinical Laboratory for simulation purposes\'3B with Vista for psychiatric related placement\'3B and with Zuid-Afrikaans Hospital. This contract however relates to the Diploma in Nursing. There is no evidence that the institution has enough clinical placement specifically in the context of not stating the annual intake.  The table with learning times and learning activities has not been completed. \line \line In terms of academic support programmes\'2C students complete a workshop on study methods\'3B academic facilitators are available for students with problems and preceptors in the clinical environment. Several mechanisms are in place to monitor student progress and to monitor the impact of the programme. The prescribed book list has been uploaded. The list is appropriate for a four-year degree programme. \line \line A policy Monitoring and Evaluation of Teaching and Learning has been uploaded describing in detail the institution\'E2\'80\'99s monitoring and evaluation of Teaching and Learning activities. WIL is described appropriately and complies with the stipulations of Reg 174. The learning time for WIL complies with the approved SAQA document for the Bachelor of Nursing and Midwifery. A comprehensive policy \'28WIL Policy\'29 guides the WIL related teaching and learning. \line \line An assessment related policy has been uploaded. The theoretical and principles part of the policy is well written but applies to the Diploma in Nursing. The policy must be amended to include the Bachelor of Nursing.  Both formative and summative assessments are described in detail. A separate moderation policy has been uploaded. Internal and external moderation is described according to the prescriptions of Reg 174. The criteria for appointing a moderator are correctly described.  The Assessment policy includes WIL related assessment. Reg. 174 7 \'281\'29 \'28c\'29 states that 60\'25 of formative clinical assessment activities must be done in real life situations but it is not clear from the policy that the institution is complying with the stipulation.\line \line Measures to promote staff competence in assessment practices include development opportunities for staff offered by the FPD\'2C as well as faculty-based development addressing programme-specific or discipline related needs including pedagogical orientation\'2C assessment and moderation practices.  The process of recording assessment results has been described in detail.  Feedback is regarded as an integral part of teaching and learning. Concerning student feedback\'2C all lecturers will be expected to provide written and verbal feedback to individual students\'2C highlighting the strengths and weaknesses of their work. Student feedback is also included in the Moderation policy. Grievance procedures are appropriately described in a policy.\line \line There are sufficient well-equipped venues but because the annual intake has not been stipulated\'2C it is not possible to evaluate whether they are sufficient for the programme. The library centre can facilitate 20 students at a time. Locked glass cabinets houses reference material is made available to students with prior arrangement. The Computer laboratory is equipped with 6 workstations. The simulation laboratory at Tshwane University has been accredited with the Bachelor of Nursing programme at the university. \line \line According to the application\'2C the library resources for the programme will be procured. The library is adequately resourced to cater to the needs of students and staff and is accessible to all registered students. A Declaration by the Academic Executive has been uploaded declaring the sufficiency of the infrastructure and the library but no evidence has been uploaded. Access to electronic resources is available to staff and students via the student online portal. \line \line In terms of IT\'2C all staff members are supplied with laptops\'2Fdesktops\'2C internet access and printing facilities to facilitate their teaching and research functions. The institution also offers a wireless internet service to staff and students. The goals and objectives of the IT department has been described in detail. A current Health and Safety certificate was provided. The maintenance and upgrading of infrastructure and resources are funded by the institution and adequately accounted for.\line FPD offers a computer literacy programme free of charge to its students and staff. New staff members receive training on the functionalities the FPD Intranet\'2C while all newly registered students get training on the use of the Student Portal and LMS as applicable to them.\line \line FPD makes use of a custom-built education platform that was designed for low bandwidth developing countries in Africa. The technology\'2C TRISCOMS\'E2\'84\'A2\'2C was developed by FPD\'27s subsidiary Medical Practice Consulting \'28MPC\'29 based on the exact needs of FPD and is a registered trademark of MPC. The type and periodicity of reports appears to be in place.  Security features include passwords\'2C backups on a daily basis on the institution\'E2\'80\'99s network as well as access control. The administrative services of the institution are sufficient.  A Certification and Awards policy has been uploaded. It is well-written and ensures that certification is done according to the required standard.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Nursing and Midwifery \'28480 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql An assessment related policy does not reference the Bachelor programme\'2C but the Diploma in Nursing\'3B and it is not clear the requirement that 60\'25 of formative clinical assessment activities must be done in real life situations is met. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The enrolment plan has not been provided. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The Institution in its submission has failed to provide sufficient evidence that it has the required staffing capacity in terms of the appropriate staff members to offer the programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\'2C 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The status of the two non-credit bearing modules namely Introduction to Scholarship and English Proficiency is unclear\'2C and the time required for the modules and how it will fit in an academic year with 120 credits was not made clear\'3B the rules of progression to a next year has not been described at all\'3B the programme\'27s alignment with NQF Levels remain unclear. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql Three MOUs for clinical placements have been uploaded\'2C but whether these are applicable to the Degree programme also \'28and not only the Diploma in Nursing\'29 is unclear\'3B clinical placement adequacy cannot be determined in lieu of annual intake data\'3B the learning activities table has not been completed\'3B and the WIL Policy is problematic in claiming that students must be found competent in the formative evaluation before they are allowed to \'E2\'80\'9Csit for the SANC examinations.\'E2\'80\'9D \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql Without the annual intake figure\'2C the adequacy of the \'28well-equipped\'29 venues cannot be determined\'3B and\'2C no evidence \'28only a declaration\'29 attesting to the sufficiency of the infrastructure and the library has been uploaded. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}