{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR058\'2FE008CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Berea College of Technology \'28previously known as Durban Computer College\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Advanced Diploma in Information Technology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Tourist Junction\line 160 Monty Naicker Road\'2C Durban 4001\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Berea College of Technology \'28previously known as Durban Computer College\'29 is a private higher education institution that is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and also has programmes that are accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of an Advanced Diploma in Information Technology programme that will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at 160 Monty Naicker Road\'2C Durban 4001\'2C Tourist Junction.\line \line The Institution is accredited to offer the following programmes\'3A\line - Diploma in Information Technology\line - Diploma in PC and Networking Technician\line - Certificate in Business Computing\line - Diploma in PC Support and Networking\line - Diploma in Information Technology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator indicated that the programme in terms of Criterion 1 does not comply with minimum requirements and that all the other criteria are in need of improvement and recommended that the programme should not be accredited. \line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme is designed to offer career focused education and training in the field of Information Technology. According to the submission\'2C  benchmarking has been done with industry stakeholders\'2C national\'2C and internal qualifications to ensure relevance and reliability\'2C but evidence to this effect was not submitted. With reference to the national and stakeholder needs\'2C the evaluator stated that the Institution did not provide any specific explanation on how the programme will help the region and industry\'2C or even the involvement of previous students on the need of such a programme\'2C apart from mentioning the provision of an articulation pathway for Diploma students by presenting more complex content and incorporating current and emerging trends in the field. \line \line The evaluator noted that the qualification is primarily based on the Association for Computing Machinery and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Computing Curriculum. On the design of the qualification\'2C the evaluator indicated that the programme has 120 credits with 8 modules\'2C which include Programming 4A and Software Development 4.  A review of the attached modules outline reveals that the qualification designator \'28Science\'29 is not appropriate as the content is not linked to Science. The modules do not indicate how they contribute to the purpose of the programme and how they relate to each other. In addition\'2C the Business Intelligence module \'28IT Management 4A\'29\'2C and other subjects do not demonstrate appropriate level of knowledge required for NQF level 7\'2C while the outcomes of the research module \'28Research Techniques\'29 is pitched at too a high level. The content of IT Management 4A is more of Business Management rather than IT Management\'2C while the content of other modules does not align with the title of the module. \line \line The prescribed books listed on modules such as IT Management 4A\'2C IT Management 4B\'2C Programming 4A do not correspond. The prescribed book for IT Systems 4 aligns to the content only by one chapter and is outdated  as it was published in 2010. \line \line The evaluator also noted that the Institution has not provided the purpose of the programme and the learning outcomes in most cases do not provide sense of their application in their context\'2C and in most cases the learning outcomes are not linked to the exit level outcomes or the module\'E2\'80\'99s purpose. \line \line The rules of progression and combination are also not clear as the Institution has just indicated that all the modules are compulsory.  The evaluator argued that even if all the modules are compulsory\'2C there are modules that cannot be offered at the same time from the first semester to the second semester.  Concerning the learning activities\'2C the evaluator stated that 35\'25 percentage of learning time has been allocated to contact lectures \'28face-to-face\'2C limited interaction or technology mediated\'29. In the outline of courses and modules\'2C six modules are indicated to have 40\'25 or 45\'25 of the learning time allocated to lectures.  \line \line As far as articulation is concerned\'2C the Institution is specific on vertical articulation\'2C but on the horizontal articulation the institution is rather general.  \line \line With regards to Criterion 2\'2C the evaluator noted that a list of media has been given in which the advertisements will be placed which include newspapers\'2C SMS\'2C flyers and pamphlets\'2C billboards\'2C street pole ads\'2C etc. and the use of schools\'E2\'80\'99 database and referrals from current students. Admission requirements comply with legislation. The Institution intends to grow the enrolment number from 50 students to 150 in 2022.  On the widening of access to higher education the evaluator indicated that the Institution will run outreach programmes to encourage young people in low participation areas to apply. The Institution has also indicated the provision of bursaries for those who cannot afford to study. As far as RPL is concerned\'2C the Institution has indicated that a review panel consisting of academic experts from the relevant department and other academics and managers from the Institution will consider formal academic qualifications\'2C work experience\'2C relevant professional certifications\'2C and membership of professional bodies.  Only 10\'25 of applicants will be registered through RPL.\line \line The evaluator stated that the Institution has provided a list of academic staff members contributing to the Advanced Diploma in IT.  From the list of four academic staff members who have their qualifications in the IT related field\'2C three meet the minimum requirement of level \'2B1 to lecturer on the programme. One academic staff member who is the Programme Coordinator and lecturer on the programme has a NQF level 7 qualification which is at the same level as the programme to be offered.  Therefore\'2C he cannot lecture on the programme. \line \line The Institution has a Programme Coordinator and his responsibilities include among others overseeing the development of teaching materials\'2C teaching staff members and curriculum\'2C overseeing timetable and resource requirements. The evaluator indicated that the Institution offers a range of workshops to academics\'2C which include designing study materials\'2C assessor training\'2C moderator training\'2C teaching and learning methodologies\'2C etc.  The Institution has also mentioned that it encourages academics to attend capacity building workshops with external stakeholders and professional bodies and those hosted by CHE.  There is no evidence that staff members have attended these workshops. \line \line The evaluator also pointed out that the Workload Allocation Model does not provide any information on the workload apart from the names\'2C qualifications and years of experience. The lack of workload information makes it difficult to assess the current teaching workload and how it will be impacted by the introduction of the new programme. The evaluator\'2C moreover\'2C pointed out that the Staff Development Policy focuses on mandatory in-house workshops\'2C but there is no reference to the assistance in terms of furthering academic development and to which extend the institution is assisting.  The Institution has indicated that its Human Resources Policy and the Recruitment Policy are developed in accordance with the Labour Relations Act 55 of 2002. The evaluator found that the Institution has a full complement of 23 support staff members listed.\line \line With regards to Criterion 5\'2C the evaluator stated that the Teaching and Learning Strategy reflects the Institution\'27s mission which emphasises quality career-focused education and training.  The strategy focuses among others on building on existing knowledge by starting from simple to difficult\'2C identifying the gaps through informal and formal assessment\'2C study guides and extra support to learner\'2C ensuring academic development through sufficient reference to prescribed textbooks.  With reference to textbooks\'2C most of those that are prescribed are not aligned to the subject content. \line \line The Institution indicated the use of different teaching and learning methods which include practical work and workbooks. In addition\'2C the Institution has mentioned the provision of Work-Integrated Learning which the evaluator found was not applicable to this programme. The evaluator noted that a list of support programmes or assistance is provided to students. The evaluator felt that the support for \'E2\'80\'98at-risk students\'E2\'80\'99 needs to be consistent and specifically designed\'2C implemented and monitored. Other support given to students include counselling service\'2C library services\'2C support classes\'2C student orientation and social orientation\'2C etc. It is also indicated that inactive and\'2For under-performing students are identified and those who are at risk are required to participate in a compulsory development programme including academic counselling.  The evaluator observed that there is a challenge with the identification of the students as assignments and exams are written throughout the year\'2C and there is no need to identify under-performing students at the end on the year as there is no timeline given for their identification.\line \line The evaluator pointed out that the information provided on assessment in the application is not aligned with the Assessment and Moderation Policy. Assessments in terms of examinations differ. The evaluator stated that it appears that feedback is part of curriculum design for all forms of assessment \'28formative and summative\'29 and it is provided to students. On the timing of the feedback\'2C the Institution has not clarified the time after which feedback should be given.  \line \line  The assessment results are captured into the SMIS by the examiner\'27s and examination\'27s officer and are verified by the programme coordinator and quality officer.  In case a student is unhappy with the outcome\'2C there is an appeal process where the Examination Board can decide the outcome. The evaluator\'2C however\'2C noted that the Assessment and Moderation Policy does not explicitly provide information on the external and internal moderation such as their appointments\'2C how the internal and external moderation are conducted before and after the assessment\'2C duration of external moderator contract and its renewal\'2C and the moderation of the scripts. The Assessment Policy describes security measures applicable only to assessments conducted into computer laboratories\'3B no security measures for the general assessment process have been explained. \line \line The evaluator provided a detailed analysis of the facilities and infrastructure available. These appears to be sufficient to offer the proposed programme.  The Institution has also attached its Occupational Health Safety and Health compliance certificate.  The Institution has indicated that its library contains resources such as equipment and storage media.  The librarian is also the media specialist who is also a support person and responds to instructional programme requests from lecturers and students. Among the resources in the library theIinstitution has indicated\'3A magazines\'2C DVDs and CDs\'2C and web links such as public resources as Google Scholar and other web links which are part of the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s directory. The evaluator\'2C however\'2C pointed out that a public research library such as google scholar and other web links listed cannot be part of institutional resources. The access to the library is only granted to students who produce a current student card and the borrowing of library materials is not permitted\'2C but they can be used in-house for two hours per student. The evaluator observes that not borrowing materials to students is not in the interest of knowledge development\'2C especially for students who did not purchase their own books. The evaluator indicated that students are given training during the orientation on how to use the library resources and on referencing their assignment and projects.  New staff members are also given orientation on how to use the library. The evaluator noted that the Institution has attached a budget for an infrastructure upgrade which can only be verified by a site visit as it is for other resources during the site visit at the institution.\line \line With regards to Criterion 8\'2C the evaluator indicated that the Institution does have a Management Information System in place called Student and Management Information System \'28SMIS\'29 which runs on a Microsoft SQL database. The Institution did indicate the fields of information captured into the system which include registration information\'2C contact information\'2C etc. Detail on reports are not clear as the Institution has just mentioned that periodic reports are issued to students after every semester. The Institution has indicated that the system has an interface to the Web browser\'2C and students have access to their information. The Certification Policy is not referring to the most important stage of verification of results that starts the certification process.  In addition\'2C the institution refers to the cancellation of certificate but there is no explanation of what leads to the cancellation of a certificate. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Advanced Diploma in Information Technology \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  1. The designator of Science that has been used is not in line with the structure or knowledge produced in the programme. \line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  2. The programme is poorly designed as the modules do not indicate how they contribute to the purpose of the programme and how they relate to each other. In addition\'2C the Business Intelligence module \'28IT Management 4A\'29\'2C and other subjects do not demonstrate appropriate the level of knowledge that is required for NQF level 7. The content of IT Management 4A is more of Business Management rather than IT Management\'2C while the content of other modules does not align with the title of the module. The outcomes of the research module \'28Research Techniques\'29 are pitched at too a high level.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  3. The rules of progression and the combination of the modules have not been given. The distinction between a module A and B is thus not clear or how the modules cohere. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  4. The prescribed books listed on modules such as IT Management 4A\'2C IT Management 4B\'2C Programming 4A do not correspond. The prescribed book for IT Systems 4 aligns to the content only by one chapter and is dated old as it was published in 2010.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1 \'26 5 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  5. The policy for the development of learning programmes does not mention the involvement of industry for which the students are trained\'2C and the engagement of external subject experts is mainly to make comparison with other qualifications.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  6. The workload information for the academic staff members has not been provided along with the required details to enable evaluation on how the existing workload will be impacted by the new programme.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  7. The Programme Coordinator does not have the required qualification \'28one level higher as the programme\'29 to oversee the teaching on the programme. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  8. Although Work-Integrated Learning is given as part of the teaching strategy\'2C it is not applicable to this programme as indicated in Criterion 1. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1 \'26 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 10. No security measures for the general assessment process presented in the assessment policy.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 11. Access to printed and electronic resources are limited and the information is not in line with what is required at higher education level where NQF level 7 programmes are offered. Not being able to borrow library resources is not in the interest of knowledge and skills development.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 12. The details on the administrative processes to ensure the integrity of assessments and certification has not been provided. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 13. All the policies as submitted are not signed by the appropriate authority or numbered to see how they have been updated by the Institution. Many of the policies have been copied from other institutions which is not acceptable.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1-8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 9. The Assessment and Moderation Policy do not explicitly provide information on the external and internal moderation practices such as their appointments\'2C how the internal and external moderation are conducted before and after the assessment\'2C duration of external moderator contract and its renewal\'2C and the moderation of the scripts.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}