{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 6th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH14\'2FE209CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql University of South Africa\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Master of Commerce in Industrial and Organisational Psychology \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 9\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 180\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 240\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line University of South Africa\line Preller street\line Muckleneuk Ridge\line Pretoria\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The University of South Africa \'28UNISA\'29 is a Public Higher Education Institution with programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Master of Commerce in Industrial and Organisational Psychology programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 19th \'3F 21st November 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 14th of February 2019.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line \line 1. The Institution has submitted a programme that has critical design weaknesses in terms of the following\'3A - The programme outcomes are not stated in the application. - The credit allocation in the 1st year appears to be unrealistically high to accomplish on a part-time basis in the first year of study - There is contradictory information regarding the duration of the programme. On page two \'282\'29 of the application it is indicated that the minimum duration for the programme on full-time basis is 1 year and 2 years for part-time. However\'2C if one considers the information provided in Section 1.7\'2C it appears as if 180 credits will be completed by all students in year 1 and 60 credits will be completed in year 2.\line \line 2. The name of this programme does not align with broad area of study or the profession. Currently the name of the programme is Master of Commerce in Industrial and Organisational Psychology. However\'2C the broad field of study in this qualification is in Psychology not Commerce. The Institution has not provided a motivation or description of how this qualification is positioned within the broader field of Psychology and the training of psychologists in the Institution.\line \line 3. The curriculum does not include training in the broad spectrum of Psychology\'2C including Cognitive-Affective and Emotional Behavior and Personality Theory\'2C Human Development and Abnormal Psychology. There can also be a greater emphasis on indigenous counseling for South African populations.\line \line 4. The application also does not give an indication of the types of psychometric instruments the students will be exposed to in their training.\line \line 5. The competencies expected of students who exit the programme are not clearly described in the application form. There is no evidence that the competencies are aligned to the Exit Level Outcomes as stated by the HPCSA for Industrial and Organisational Psychologists.\line \line 6. The Institution has not clearly explained the extent to which the teaching and learning activities will enable for the programme to be offered via distance education. The module information indicates that all the modules will be taught by means of distance mode with no practical component indicated and do not reflect the blended learning approach in the programme and the inclusion of the practicum in the various modules.\line \line 7. The Institution has not provided information on how students will be exposed to the various industries in which they will be working. Although the internship is delinked from the programme the Institution should provide information on how students can already in their training network with industry and what internship opportunities are available\'2Faccessible to these graduates.\line \line 8. There is no clear indication in the application on how the four weeks contact learning will be structured in terms of time\'2Fhours\'2C activities and how these activities will be assessed \'28apart from the fact that it is stated that the academic staff members of UNISA will evaluate these activities as part of the formative assessment\'29. The information in the application form in terms of the practical\'2Fcontact session is not indicated in the various module forms.\line \line NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A \line - The Institution should revise the RPL Policy so as not to exceed the 10\'25 student cohort requirement that may be accepted into the programme via the RPL route.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The Master of Commerce in Industrial and Organisational Psychology is a Professional Master\'3Fs qualification\'2C based on 240 credits at NQF Level 09. The programme is designed to develop an advanced level of expertise and applied competencies in the sub-fields of Industrial and Organisational Psychology. \line \line The Master of Commerce in Industrial and Organisational Psychology programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 19th \'3F 21st November 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 14th of February 2019.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line \line 1. The Institution has submitted a programme that has critical design weaknesses in terms of the following\'3A\line a. The programme outcomes are not stated in the application. \line b. The credit allocation in the 1st year appears to be unrealistically high to accomplish on a part-time basis in the first year of study.\line c. There is contradictory information regarding the duration of the programme. On page two \'282\'29 of the application it is indicated that the minimum duration for the programme on full-time basis is 1 year and 2 years for part-time. However\'2C if one considers the information provided in Section 1.7\'2C it appears as if 180 credits will be completed by all students in year 1 and 60 credits will be completed in year 2.\line 2. The name of this programme does not align with broad area of study or the profession. Currently the name of the programme is Master of Commerce in Industrial and Organisational Psychology. However\'2C the broad field of study in this qualification is in Psychology not Commerce. The Institution has not provided a motivation or description of how this qualification is positioned within the broader field of Psychology and the training of psychologists in the Institution.\line 3. The curriculum does not include training in the broad spectrum of Psychology\'2C including Cognitive-Affective and Emotional Behavior and Personality Theory\'2C Human Development and Abnormal Psychology. There can also be a greater emphasis on indigenous counselling for South African populations.\line 4. The application also does not give an indication of the types of psychometric instruments the students will be exposed to in their training.\line 5. The competencies expected of students who exit the programme are not clearly described in the application form. There is no evidence that the competencies are aligned to the Exit Level Outcomes as stated by the HPCSA for Industrial and Organisational Psychologists.\line 6. The Institution has not clearly explained the extent to which the teaching and learning activities will enable for the programme to be offered via distance education. The module information indicates that all the modules will be taught by means of distance mode with no practical component indicated and do not reflect the blended learning approach in the programme and the inclusion of the practicum in the various modules.\line 7. The Institution has not provided information on how students will be exposed to the various industries in which they will be working. Although the internship is delinked from the programme the Institution should provide information on how students can already in their training network with industry and what internship opportunities are available\'2Faccessible to these graduates.\line 8. There is no clear indication in the application on how the four weeks contact learning will be structured in terms of time\'2Fhours\'2C activities and how these activities will be assessed \'28apart from the fact that it is stated that the academic staff members of UNISA will evaluate these activities as part of the formative assessment\'29. The information in the application form in terms of the practical\'2Fcontact session is not indicated in the various module forms.\line \line Condition 1\'3A\line The Institution has submitted a programme that has critical design weaknesses in terms of the following\'3A\line a. The programme outcomes are not stated in the application. \line b. The credit allocation in the 1st year appears to be unrealistically high to accomplish on a part-time basis in the first year of study.\line c. There is contradictory information regarding the duration of the programme. On page two \'282\'29 of the application it is indicated that the minimum duration for the programme on full-time basis is 1 year and 2 years for part-time. However\'2C if one considers the information provided in Section 1.7\'2C it appears as if 180 credits will be completed by all students in year 1 and 60 credits will be completed in year 2.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme outcomes attached to the representation application are acceptable. The credit allocation has been addressed adequately. The additional information provided by the institution addressed the concern with the number of credits per module students have to complete in the 1ste year and how these module and credits may be carried over to the second year in the event that students are unable to complete the credits in the first year. Lastly\'2C the contradictory information with regards to how the two years will be structured has been clarified by the Institution and it coincides with the explanation of how students will be able to carry modules over form the second to the first year as discussed in the previous point. The evaluator indicated that the programme meets minimum requirements in terms of condition 1.\line \line Condition 2\'3A\line The name of this programme does not align with broad area of study or the profession. Currently the name of the programme is Master of Commerce in Industrial and Organisational Psychology. However\'2C the broad field of study in this qualification is in Psychology not Commerce. The Institution has not provided a motivation or description of how this qualification is positioned within the broader field of Psychology and the training of psychologists in the Institution.\line \line In response to the condition\'2C the institution explained that the title of the programme is linked to the field of Commerce in Industrial and Organisational Psychology\'2C because the practice areas are focused on optimising individual\'2C groups and organisational behaviour in organisational contexts\line \line The evaluator notes that the initial review referred to the designator for this qualification\'2C which is Commerce. The HEQSF clearly states that the designator for a qualification indicates the broad area of study\'2C discipline or profession. In this case\'2C the designator should be Psychology since this is a qualification in the profession of psychology and not in commerce. This comment speaks to a broader concern that is currently on the agenda of many higher education institutions in terms of the differences that exist across training institutions for the same qualification in the various disciplines of psychology. For example\'2C a student who studies at university A will obtain a Master of Arts in Organisational Psychology while another will obtain a M Com degree at University B. The bottom line on this should be in what profession or field of study this degree fits and the designator should be aligned to this. The evaluator feels that this is an issue that needs to be foregrounded with every new programme that is accredited in psychology. The institution explained that the name of the programme is linked to the field of Commerce in Industrial and Organisational Psychology because the practice areas are focussed on optimising individuals\'2C groups and organisational behaviour in organisational contexts. However\'2C this is not a convincing argument and it does not advance the profession of psychology. Historically this qualification may have been an MCom qualification\'2C but the changes that have been happening in the profession to unify the profession and the training of psychologists has to be taken into account going forward. Notwithstanding this argument\'2C I agree with the Institution that the HPCSA currently approved the MCom programmes and indeed their programme was endorsed by the HPCSA for review purposes. Therefore\'2C the programme meets minimum requirements in terms of condition 2.\line \line Condition 3\'3A\line The curriculum does not include training in the broad spectrum of Psychology\'2C including Cognitive-Affective and Emotional Behavior and Personality Theory\'2C Human Development and Abnormal Psychology. There can also be a greater emphasis on indigenous counselling for South African populations.\line \line The institution explained that the MCom \'28Industrial and Organisational Pscyhology\'29 is not a general qualification in psychology\'2C and they have clarified in the representation how these various areas \'28required in the training of all registration categories in the profession of psychology\'29 are addressed in the proposed programme. It is also clear from the module descriptions that this is adequately addressed in the programme. The evaluator indicated that the programme meets minimum requirements in terms on condition 3.\line \line Condition 4\'3A\line The application also does not give an indication of the types of psychometric instruments the students will be exposed to in their training.\line \line In the representation\'2C the institution referred to the application and provided sufficient evidence of the psychometric instruments the students will be exposed to. The evidence was included\'2Fattached in the application under criterion 5 in the document\'3A Modules outlines\'2C student guides\'2C and programme handbooks because it forms part of student resources.  The evaluator confirmed that the instruments are appropriate and relevant. The programme meets minimum requirements for condition 4.\line \line Condition 5\'3A\line The competencies expected of students who exit the programme are not clearly described in the application form. There is no evidence that the competencies are aligned to the Exit Level Outcomes as stated by the HPCSA for Industrial and Organisational Psychologists.\line \line The institution explained that the curriculum for the education and training of industrial psychologists as outlined for the qualification are prescribed by the HPCSA scope of practice and was endorsed by the HPCSA before the application was submitted to the CHE. Also\'2C the SAQA Application\'2C including the HPCSA endorsement letter were attached as evidence documents to the application. The SAQA Form clearly outlines the competencies expected of students who exit the programme. The programme outcomes\'2C assessment criteria and competencies are aligned with the HPCSA scope of practice and internship practice domain competencies. The HPCSA endorsed these before the application was submitted to the CHE and the endorsement letter was attached to the application.\line \line The evaluator reviewed the additional module information provided by the institution and confirmed that the programme\'2C modules\'2C contents and learning activities will equip practitioners with the competencies outlined by the HPCSA and the programme application. The programme meets minimum requirements in terms of condition 5.\line \line Condition 6\'3A\line The Institution has not clearly explained the extent to which the teaching and learning activities will enable for the programme to be offered via distance education. The module information indicates that all the modules will be taught by means of distance mode with no practical component indicated and do not reflect the blended learning approach in the programme and the inclusion of the practicum in the various modules.\line \line In response to condition 6\'2C the institution explained that the qualification will be offered as a part-time programme\'2C with \'281\'29 the HPCSA required compulsory block week attendance for theory-practical application workshops in the curriculum\'27s internship practice domains\'2C \'282\'29 online teaching and learning activities\'2C and a \'283\'29 mix of venue and non-venue based formative and summative assessment. The four compulsory block weeks are the only contact sessions. All other teaching and learning activities occur by means of distance learning mode. \line \line The evaluator noted that the applied nature of training for psychologists\'2C every programme that train psychologists at master\'3Fs level has to have a significant component practicum. However\'2C this does not include the internship\'2C and it precedes the internship. The institution gave a detailed explanation of why they are not required to include this in the programme. Also \'3F it seems as if the reviewer confused the practicum with the internship. Given the additional information in the various modules it is clear that there is a significant component experiential learning that is required\'2C specifically during the block contact lectures. According to the evaluator\'2C the programme meets minimum requirements for criterion 6.\line \line Condition 7\'3A\line The Institution has not provided information on how students will be exposed to the various industries in which they will be working. Although the internship is delinked from the programme the Institution should provide information on how students can already in their training network with industry and what internship opportunities are available\'2Faccessible to these graduates.\line \line The institution explained that students will be exposed to industry and internship opportunities\'2C as well as networking\'2C during the block contact sessions. The programme meets minimum requirements in terms of condition 7.\line \line Condition 8\'3A\line There is no clear indication in the application on how the four weeks contact learning will be structured in terms of time\'2Fhours\'2C activities and how these activities will be assessed \'28apart from the fact that it is stated that the academic staff members of UNISA will evaluate these activities as part of the formative assessment\'29. The information in the application form in terms of the practical\'2Fcontact session is not indicated in the various module forms.\line \line The institution provided the required information and referred to the application \'28Criterion 5\'29\'2C where the required information was initially provided. The evaluator confirmed that the institution provided sufficient information on the various modules indicates that students will be exposed to industry and internships during the block lectures. The programme meets minimum requirements for Condition 8.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the institution addressed all the reasons for deferral satisfactorily and the programme meets the minimum requirements for accreditation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Master of Commerce in Industrial and Organisational Psychology  \'28240 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}