{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR986\'2FE001CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Fashion Academy Network\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Fashion\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Design District Building.\line cnr Thyrwitt and Keys Avenue\'2C\line Rosebank\'2C\line Johannesburg.\line Gauteng\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Fashion Academy Network is a private higher education institution registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Bachelor of Fashion programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 2 - 3 October 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 8 November 2018.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line \line 1. The programme design does not address the entrepreneurial approach as claimed by the application and the module on Integrated Product Management includes very little management\'2C but focuses mainly on Design. The proposed curriculum will not contribute towards the outcome of Business fundamentals as it is not evident from the subjects listed in the curriculum that these claims will be supported.\line 2. The module outlines contain curricula with module outcomes that are not module outcomes in some cases and are also not appropriate for the level of complexity necessary for a Bachelor\'3Fs degree. Furthermore\'2C the exit level outcomes are not pegged appropriately to allow the students to be able to be competent to complete tasks linked to the exit level.\line 3. The Institution has not explained the WIL component in the programme\'2C how it will be implemented\'2C assessed and managed as part of student\'27s learning experience.\line 4. The Institution has not specified the horizontal and vertical articulation possibilities for this programme as the application does not indicate the progression to any further studies.\line 5. The Institution has not demonstrated that the programme\'27s admission criteria are in line with national legislation. Admission and selection policies and practices should be commensurate with its academic nature\'2C within the framework of widening access and promoting equity in higher education.\line 6. The Institution has not demonstrated that it has sufficient and relevantly qualified and experienced academic staff members to offer the programme. Information indicating the staff members have relevant qualifications \'28one level up\'29\'2C experience\'2C module allocation and workload allocation \'28including all activities and self-development\'29 is lacking.\line 7. The Institution has submitted insufficient details on teaching and learning methods appropriate for the field of Design\'2C the use of learning materials and the instructional and learning technology for a technical programme of this nature. No evidence was provided of staff development opportunities where staff members can upgrade their teaching approach and methods was indicated as part of a Teaching and Learning Strategy.\line 8. The Institution has not demonstrated its capacity administratively or in terms of its infrastructure to offer higher education at the venues it proposes. No mention of functionally appropriate hardware \'28computers and printers\'29\'2C software \'28programmes\'29 and databases were listed as part of this application. The equipment list seems limited for the offering of this programme. No laboratory guidelines for safety in sewing and pressing areas was provided.\line 9. The Institution indicated that it will be sharing facilities at an existing business school called Regenesys. The library resources will also be shared with Regenesys. The relationship with Regenesys has not been clarified.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator notes that the Institution\'3Fs response is assumes the not-accredited finding is aimed at the Institution\'3Fs director. The evaluator notes further that the programme is different to other programmes offered in the field and that additional clarification on this could have addressed some of the reasons for uncertainty. The evaluator supports different ways and approaches to teaching and learning\'2C and engaged with the full original submission\'2C and the representation. However\'2C a number of misalignments remain. The evaluator places on record that despite being listed as a possible external examiner\'2C there is no conflict as there has been no work conducted for the Institution. \line The concern in relation to the programme design \'28that it does not address entrepreneurship as indicated\'29 is addressed in two ways by the Institution. The first is that the acquisition of business skills will be through WIL component\'2C aided by the Fashion Operations Management and Experiential Learning modules. The second approach relates to what the Institution terms the summative culmination experience in the Integrated Product Management component of the programme\'2C which at NQF 7 should result \'3Fin a functioning fashion business or professional employment\'3F. The Institution argues that the programme develops business acumen and solutions to entrepreneurial challenges through experiential learning. The evaluator notes that the total number of credits in the SAQA document is 369\'2C and in the HEQC application 360. In the SAQA document the sub-fields of business\'2C entrepreneurial and so on\'2C but these are not in the HEQC application. The purpose of the programme addresses fashion business skills\'2C marketing skills and product development skills. From a detailed assessment of the programme\'2C the evaluator concludes that there is a misalignment between the programme content and the skills listed. Although the Institution suggests a learning-by-doing approach\'2C and alignment to SA Fashion Week and the Fashion Agent\'2C there is no evidence of MOUs with these bodies. The Integrated Product Management module consist of 96 credits which poses a risk for learner achievement. Overall the programme is applied-skills oriented and focused on CESM 030205 \'28Fashion\'2FApparel design\'29. It does not address CESM 040501 \'28Entrepreneurial studies\'29. Thus the misalignment between the purpose in the SAQA document and that in the HEQC application.  The evaluator finds that the Institution has not addressed the first reason sufficiently. \line \line The second concern related to the level of the module not meeting the level of complexity for a Bachelor\'3Fs degree\'2C and poorly drafted exit level outcomes. The Institution contends that the issue is vague. The evaluator finds the Institution\'3Fs response to indicate a misunderstanding of alignment between programme\'2C outcomes\'2C and assessment criteria. The second reason for non-accreditation has not been addressed. The evaluator concludes further that the programme is more like a diploma offering than a degree. The third year is almost pure application \'2F WIL. Experiential learning constitutes 240 notional hours per year in addition to the Integrated Project Management module.\line \line As far as the WIL is concerned\'2C the Institution indicates that the Integrated \'28or Individual\'29 Project requires students to combine the knowledge from Fashion Operations Management\'2C Design Concepts\'2C Visual Studies and Garment Technology to develop a collection of clothing. Experiential learning is also included. The Director of the Institution will mentor the third year students. \line The Institution states that the process is student-driven. In respect of the WIL\'2C the evaluator finds that the Institution has adequately addressed the reason for non-accreditation. \line The Institution argues that the concern relating to horizontal and vertical articulation is irrelevant because as this is the only programme it intends to offer. The History of Fashion subject prepares students for postgraduate studies. The evaluator finds that articulation has not been addressed. The evaluator concludes that students would be able to proceed to studies at other institutions from History of Fashion 3\'2C although articulation onto entrepreneurship programmes is unlikely. The evaluator finds that the reason has been partially met\'2C and would require further clarification. \line \line The Institution reiterates that an NQF level 4 is the only entrance requirement\'2C as a non-discrimination strategy. The response fails to address the concern. The evaluator finds that the open selection is commendable\'2C but the selection policy is weak. Little detail is provided and the Institution has not addressed the issue.\line \line The Institution has not recruited staff aside from the directors and the Academic HOD. Only once it is accredited and has sufficient enrolments then it will address the business\'2C design and garment technology and theory needs. The evaluator is concerned that more than one person ought to teach to provide some diversity. Although an argument has been put forward\'2C it does not address the reason. The Institution has not addressed the reason. \line \line The information on the teaching and learning strategy is responded to by the provision of outlines for the design and technology modules\'2C however\'2C no supporting documents are provided. Staff development and support is briefly outlined.  The reviewer finds that it remains difficult to understand the programme structure by looking at the information provided in 1.4 in the HEQC application and in section G in the SAQA document. Although the evaluator notes that the NQF levels of each of the modules is not provided\'2C the Directorate notes that these are provided both in Table 1.4 and in the individual course guides uploaded. The course guides set out the teaching and learning and assessment approach. A total of 20 course guides were submitted. However\'2C there remains some significant concerns relating to the understanding of exit level outcomes and module outcomes as expressed in these outlines. Each of the course guides contains critical cross field outcomes and \'3Fexit level outcomes\'3F\'2C which is not correct. There are no actual module outcomes as is required. In addition to this is the fact that there is a single module of 96 credits \'28ostensibly at NQF level 7\'29 in the third year. However\'2C as no module outline was submitted for this module\'2C it is not possible to reach an assessment of whether the programme actually exits at level 7 or not. \line \line The alignment between lecturer support and the development of teaching and learning is still not clear as it is not fully addressed. At this stage\'2C the person monitoring staff is also the only lecturer. The Institution has not addressed this reason for non-accreditation. \line \line The facilities for the Institution are provided in pictures. There is one venue for teaching and learning and an office space. The Institution uses Dropbox to communicate to students. Students should have their own electronic resources and the Institution provides software. Although safety instructions for industrial sewing machines are provided\'2C there is no venue for these machines. The information provided alludes to first year students and does not reflect adequately on IT infrastructure and equipment. It is not clear what will happen with respect to space and funding for resources. It is not clear what the safety requirements are set out for as this is not the equipment students will have access to. The Institution\'3Fs response is unclear and not relevant. There is sufficient evidence for IT and IT infrastructure and only partial evidence of venues. The issue has been partially addressed. \line \line The question of shared facilities with Regenesys is responded to with an MOU regarding the use of the library \'28with materials that relate primarily to business\'29. The Institution indicates that discipline-specific material will be available electronically. The evaluator notes that although sharing specific library resources is common among HEIs\'2C sharing the library will provide access to business materials. The evaluator notes further that although trend information changes rapidly this is not the case for the Research Methodology\'2C History and Culture and Fashion. No information on this is provided and no holdings \'2F acquired titles are provided. The Institution has thus only partially addressed the question of facilities and library resources as relevant to the programme. \line \line The evaluator concludes that although there is merit in this programme\'2C gaps remain that have not been adequately addressed. Only one of the reasons for non-accreditation was fully addressed. The evaluator recommends therefore that the programme not be accredited. The key reasons remain the programme design \'28and missing information in respect of this\'29\'2C the misalignment of programme purpose to curriculum\'2C gaps in the conception of teaching and learning and delivery\'2C and the lack of infrastructure and \'2F or infrastructural planning.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Fashion \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql Although some clarification has been provided in respect of the shared facilities with another HEI\'2C the resources \'28human and physical\'29 anticipated are minimal for teaching the suggested 40 students per year. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 2\'2C 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql Although some clarification has been provided in respect of the shared facilities with another HEI\'2C the resources \'28human and physical\'29 anticipated are minimal for teaching the suggested 40 students per year. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 2\'2C 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql Given the above\'2C it is still unclear how the programme structure and the teaching and learning strategy align so that he needs of the successive NQF levels are met. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\'2C 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql Given the above\'2C it is still unclear how the programme structure and the teaching and learning strategy align so that he needs of the successive NQF levels are met. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\'2C 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql It is not possible to determine whether the 96-credit module in the final year of the programme exits at level 7 in the absence of aligned exit-level and module outcomes.  It is also unclear whether the final year as proposed is suitable for a degree in the field as the outcomes for 96 credits are not provided. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql It is not possible to determine whether the 96-credit module in the final year of the programme exits at level 7 in the absence of aligned exit-level and module outcomes.  It is also unclear whether the final year as proposed is suitable for a degree in the field as the outcomes for 96 credits are not provided. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The limited human resources anticipated make the diversity in teaching staff and methods\'2C academic oversight and monitoring of teaching and learning required difficult to achieve\'2C vested as they almost entirely in a single person. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\'2C 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The limited human resources anticipated make the diversity in teaching staff and methods\'2C academic oversight and monitoring of teaching and learning required difficult to achieve\'2C vested as they almost entirely in a single person. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\'2C 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The programme design concerns are not addressed in the representation and the focus on business and the inclusion of this as a sub-field remains a concern. The curriculum as submitted \'2F amended does not address the purpose of the programme as given. The programme continues to focus strongly on the application of product to business\'2C rather than on business itself.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The submission confuses exit level outcomes\'2C NQF levels\'2C critical cross field outcomes \'28which are no longer in use\'29\'2C and module outcomes such that it is not possible to confirm that the curriculum builds in complexity and depth from first to third year in order to meet the degree outcomes.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\'2C 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The submission confuses exit level outcomes\'2C NQF levels\'2C critical cross field outcomes \'28which are no longer in use\'29\'2C and module outcomes such that it is not possible to confirm that the curriculum builds in complexity and depth from first to third year in order to meet the degree outcomes.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\'2C 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}