{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR079\'2FE010CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Southern Business School\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Policing\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Plot 10\line R28 Service Road\line Diswilmar\line Krugersdorp\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Southern Business School \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training \'28DHET\'29 as a Private higher education institution and has programmes accredited by the Council on Higher Education \'28CHE\'29. \line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Diploma in Policing programme which will be offered in the distance mode of delivery from the Plot 10\'2FR28 Service Road\'2C Diswilmar\'2C Krugersdorp.\line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of the following programmes which are still in process\'3A \line - Doctor of Policing H\'2FPR079\'2FE012CAN \'28Distance mode of delivery\'29\line - Bachelor of Laws H\'2FPR079\'2FE011CAN \'28Distance mode of delivery\'29\line \line During the HEQSF-alignment process\'2C the Institution submitted a Bachelor of Policing Practice \'28Contact\'2C Level 7\'2C minimum 394 Credits\'29 and Bachelor of Policing Practices \'28Honours\'29 \'28Contact\'2C Level 8\'2C minimum 120 Credits\'29 which were designated as Category C programmes. \line \line The Institution is registered to offer the following programmes\'3A\line - Bachelor of Policing Practice \line - Bachelor of Policing Practice Honours \line - Master of Policing Practice \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator indicated that the submission in terms of all the criteria to be assessed meets the minimum requirements for the Diploma in Policing and recommended that the programme should be accredited without conditions.\line \line The evaluator found that the programme offers various industry related subjects to meet the needs of the law enforcement and policing environment. The outcomes of all the modules indicate that the programme is designed to develop accountable\'2C professional\'2C competent and highly skilled police officers as defined in the National Development Plan. The evaluator also noted that consultation took place with the South African Police who participated in the development of the curriculum. This indicates that the programme is desired by the industry and it will address their needs. \line \line The curriculum is designed to address the demand within the policing environment and will provide the student with the knowledge-based theory and its application is relevant to the field of study. The electives allow for specialisation in functional\'2C operational and support functions policing. The evaluator indicated that the Exit Level Outcomes are aligned to the level descriptors to meet the national requirements. The programme is pitched at the correct NQF level \'28level 6\'29\'2C has the required number of credits \'28360 credits at NQF level 5 \'26 6 and has the minimum credits of 120 at NQF level 6\'29 and an appropriate qualifier \'28Policing\'29 in terms of the HEQSF.\line \line The programme will be offered as distance learning and the evaluator noted that the Institution has refined systems\'2C structures\'2C policies\'2C procedures and processes to offer programmes in the distance mode. The rationale behind offering the Diploma in Policing in a distance mode is to create wider access to the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s specific target market. This programme is primarily for working SAPS members stationed all over the country. The Institution has a Teaching and Learning Committee that is responsible and accountable for the monitoring of teaching and learning of all its programmes including the investigation and adoption of teaching methodologies most suitable for effective delivery in the distance education environment. Subject-specific tutorial letters are an extension of the study guide and provide generalised feedback on formative assessment tasks\'2C while assuring relevance through updating subject material with recent research findings or articles. \line \line The programme will have horizontal and vertical articulation possibilities to other relevant programmes at NQF level 6 and higher for students to further their studies at degree level in this Institution or other Institutions. The Institution already offers a Bachelor of Policing Practice degree\'2C Bachelor of Policing Practice Honour\'E2\'80\'99s degree and a Master of Policing Practice degree.  \line \line The evaluator stated that advertising and promotional material contain accurate and sufficient information. Admission to this programme complies with legislative requirements. It is indicated that students will be selectively admitted to the Institution based on the admission requirements\'2C and a selection criterion will be applied when the number of applicants exceeds the stipulated number that the Institution can accommodate. Screening that is based on merit\'2C but with the aim to widen access to higher education emphasising on academic achievement\'2C gender representation and previously disadvantaged individuals. The Institution\'E2\'80\'99s Policy on Recognition of Prior Learning is in line with national requirements. The Institution envisages an intake of 80 students for the first registration cycle and 200 students for the second intake and it has a mandatory policy whereby the lecturer to student ratio may not exceed 1\'3A300 students. The evaluator found that the profile of the academic staff members and support staff members and the development budget for this programme indicates that the Institution has the capacity to offer this programme. \line \line The evaluator indicated that academic staff members are suitably qualified and have relevant teaching and assessment competence to offer this programme. The Programme Coordinator is suitably qualified and an experienced academic within the field. He oversees day-to-day delivery of the programme\'2C creates and implements Quality Assurance Management Systems\'2C conducts regular reviews of the programme\'2C and monitors and controls the expenditure allocated to the programme in conjunction with the Management Committee. The evaluator thought that he will be able to provide intellectual thought leadership and guidance to the programme. Staff members are also encouraged to attend conferences and SBS hosts periodic seminars on academic issues. The evaluator indicated that the academic staff members and support staff members will be able to carry out the programme\'27s responsibilities effectively. \line \line Administrative staff members of the Institution are assigned according to functions and not according to programmes. All 26 admin staff members are assigned according to functions and are involved in all 11 programmes that are offered by the Institution having 9 987 students. All members of staff members are encouraged to further their education and the administrative staff members are encouraged to attend workshops and seminars pertaining to their specific administrative portfolio. The evaluator also noted that SBS\'E2\'80\'99s Staff members\'27 Recruitment\'2C Selection\'2C Appraisal and Development Policy\'2C Affirmative Action Policy and Employment Policy guide the recruitment process and reflect commitment to equity in all its activities. \line \line The evaluator indicated that the Teaching and Learning Strategy focuses on providing educational experiences that enable students to reach their potential by acquiring subject knowledge and appropriate professional skills. Student support and guidance is provided\'2C which enhance the student learning experience and help to support retention. The programme will make provision for student support and the learning needs of students by providing\'2C interactive study guides with built in application exercises that serve to reinforce and supplement prescribed textbooks and study guides. In conjunction with the exercises provided in study guides\'2C at least one comprehensive formative assessment task provides a comprehensive test of the student\'27s learning experience. The evaluator noted that SBS will offer extensive online support through the Google Apps for Education platform\'2C which has been designed using sound pedagogical principles. Each student will be allocated to a programme subject group and subject lecturer. In addition\'2C each group will have shared resources where students can draw from a pool of relevant documentation\'2C such as tutorial letters\'2C articles and other valuable resources. \line \line Students are also encouraged to use the online library and online sources. SMART Board transmissions are conducted twice a year in various centres including Namibia and during these live transmissions\'2C students interact with the lecturer and discuss problems or problematic concepts. Every year in April and September a study week\'2C which is an important additional mechanism for student support\'2C is held in South Africa and Namibia. Students at-risk of not succeeding will be identified and appropriate interventions will be given. This include referring them to the support programme as well as requiring them to participate in additional academic processes. Two full-time IT support staff members are available to assist students in setting up MySBS and to get access to Sabinet and EBSCOhost when they experience any problems.\line \line According to the evaluator\'2C the Assessment Policy indicates that subjects will have at least one compulsory formative assessment task and one summative assessment task. Formative and summative assessments will be designed in line with the appropriate NQF level 6 complexity. Cluster managers will ensure that the Bloom\'27s Taxonomy criteria is applied to all new assessment tasks and that an appropriate mix\'2C balance\'2C weighting and assessment requirements are achieved. Formative assessment tasks are designed in such a manner that they not only test the student\'E2\'80\'99s theoretical understanding of the material\'2C but also their ability to apply the theory. Subject-specific tutorial letters provide generalised feedback on formative assessment tasks. They are also a supporting mechanism in the student\'27s preparation for summative assessment. Each subject will have at least one summative assessment task. Cluster managers will be responsible for the internal moderation of assessment tasks for specific subjects and quality assurance. SBS makes use of external examiners and external moderators. They are trained on moderation and moderate 10\'25 of all summative assessment scripts. For summative assessment\'2C where more than one marker is involved\'2C at least 50\'25 of the final marks are moderated via a process of internal moderation\'2C before being externally moderated. \line \line The evaluator further noted that external moderators are experts in their fields with qualifications at least one level above the qualification being moderated. All students have the right to access assessed assessment tasks\'2C whether summative or formative and have an opportunity to apply for a reassessment of their formative assessment tasks if they are not satisfied with the allocated mark. Students have the right to appeal assessment decisions through the Examination Committee. Independent external moderators whose decisions are final adjudicate appeals. \line \line According to the evaluator\'2C SBS has 3 lecture rooms\'2C an information technology centre and an on-campus library that are available to students. A study week is arranged twice a year at a suitable venue\'2C where accommodation and lecturing facilities are available for each student. Students have direct access to EBSCO journals and ebooks and Sabinet journals as part of its library services and there are subject DVDs that are available to students to support the curriculum and lecturers also share additional information on MySBS. In addition\'2C SBS broadcasts live via SMARTBOARD to 5 venues to support students. Each member of staff members is equipped with a computer that has access to the intranet and internet\'2C which connects directly with their student groups and access to the website to facilitate student support. There are 5 computers available for students in the library and the library is providing equal access opportunities to all distance learning students. Reference material is available on site via the library on campus and through the lending facility by post. A comprehensive digital library supplements this service. The evaluator noted that SBS claims that its current infrastructure can accommodate 15 000 students through the medium of distance learning\'2C of which this programme can accommodate 500 students. The library staff members are also developed like any other staff members of this Institution guided by the Staff members Development Policy.\line \line With regards to Criterion 8 the Institution explains that it uses external servers to secure offsite backup and a secure network interface with students while not exposing the server on campus to unnecessary security concerns. Authorised staff members as and when needed can generate all reports\'2C such as progress reports\'2C student distribution\'2C repeated failures\'2C race\'2Fsex distribution\'2C academic reports and examination admissions. Students have access to their individual results \'28both formative and summative\'29. The system also generates statements and academic records. In addition\'2C SBS has a secured procedure of capturing marks\'2C marks verification and the certification process.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Policing \'28360 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}