{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 6th October 2020\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR058\'2FE010CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Berea College of Technology \'28previously known as Durban Computer College\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 128\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Tourist Junction\line 160 Monty Naicker Road\'2C Durban 4001\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Berea College of Technology \'28previously known as Durban Computer College\'29 is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution and has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution applied for accreditation of the Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 10th of March 2020 and HEQC meeting held on the 7th of April 2020.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. The title of the programme does not meet policy requirements. \line 2. The theoretical and practical learning balance is not achieved\'2C and the number of credits obtained in terms of WIL \'28per module\'29 is not clear. The Institution failed to explain which modules are theory-based\'2C and how classes and practicals will be scheduled\'2C whilst providing for the substantive WIL credits in the programme.\line 3. SANC requires that 72 credits must be obtained via WIL in clinical settings for the HCert \'28Nursing\'29. The curriculum therefore does not meet the professional requirements.\line 4. A proper Memorandum of Agreement \'28MOA\'29 for placement of students at accredited training facilities is required. \line 5. The opportunities for articulation are not explicit\'2C and the Institution did not correctly identify the horizontal and vertical articulation options.\line 6. The Work Allocation Model was omitted.\line 7. No specific staff for nursing education or nursing practical in an established nursing laboratory was mentioned\'2C and it is not clear if the Institution has specialist nursing staff and clinical specialists to support the programme.\line 8. The teaching and learning strategy is vague and includes generic information. The Institution did not provide evidence of a plan regarding the implementation of the teaching and learning strategy\'2C monitoring and evaluation methods and actions to improve teaching and learning.\line 9. There was no evidence of mechanisms to monitor student progress\'2C evaluate programme impact and effect improvement.\line 10. The Assessment Strategy is not explicit in terms of the assessment methods\'2C assessment of Work-Integrated Learning and the ratio of formative and summative assessment.\line 11. The Institution did not provide sufficient evidence of equipment and facilities to offer a nursing programme\'2C and the library resources seem inadequate.\line 12. The budget is not sufficient to develop\'2C implement and support this programme. \line 13. The Institution should note that only 10\'25 of candidates may be admitted via Recognition of Prior Learning. This is not evident from the application or the institutional RPL Policy.\line 14. The HCert \'28Nursing\'29 is a vocational nursing qualification\'2C but the Institution did not provide any official documentation from the South African Nursing Council in terms of programme approval.\line 15. The programme coordinator holds a BCom\'2C as well as a postgraduate qualification in marketing\'2C and is not suitably qualified to be the programme coordinator for a nursing qualification.\line \line The Institution submitted a representation which has been evaluated.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator reviewed the original application\'2C the first evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report\'2C the HEQC recommendation that the programme should not be accredited\'2C and the representation made and concluded that the Institution has not addressed the concerns raised. The evaluator recommended that the programme should not be accredited.\line \line In the HEQC recommendation\'2C it was stated that the title of the programme did not comply with policy requirements as the application spoke to the Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing while it should have read Higher Certificate in Nursing - in line with the new nursing qualification framework. Students who successfully complete this programme should be registered with the South African Nursing Council \'28SANC\'29 in the category of Auxiliary Nurse. The Berea College of Technology had omitted to include any communication with the SANC in the representation. The evaluator indicated that since this programme\'2C and clinical facilities\'2C is not approved by the SANC\'2C the students who complete this programme will not be licensed to practice as auxiliary nurses. \line \line The HEQC recommendation indicated that the theoretical and practical learning balance of the programme was not achieved\'2C and the number of credits obtained in terms of WIL \'28per module\'29 was not clear. The Institution\'2C furthermore\'2C failed to explain which modules were theory-based and how classes and practicals would be scheduled. The evaluator found that the representation failed to provide clarity on the coherence in the curriculum design in terms of the purpose of the programme\'2C the requirements by the professional body\'2C outcomes of the modules and balance between WIL and theory.  The WIL policy\'2C as well as the information on the WIL component in the submission\'2C still lacks detail in terms of placement\'2C facilitation\'2C mentoring\'2C clinical facilitation\'2C detail of assessment\'2C formative monitoring\'2C identification of at-risk students and appropriate intervention and support. The core module\'2C Basic Nursing \'2851\'25 of the total credits\'29\'2C forms the essential and major theoretical component in the programme\'2C but no theoretical examination appears to be planned. The evaluator\'2C moreover\'2C pointed out that in terms of internal and inter-coherence between modules there are also discrepancies and although some aspects may be useful\'2C they are not part of the core functions of auxiliary nurses of which the scope of practice is essentially patient-oriented according to the regulations regarding the Scope of Practice for nurses and midwives.\line \line The HEQC\'2C in its recommendation\'2C pointed out that\'2C for the HCert \'28Nursing\'29\'2C SANC requires that 72 credits must be obtained via WIL in clinical settings. In the representation\'2C it is stated that 32\'25 \'2840 credits\'29 of the programme consists of WIL. Elsewhere it is indicated that 72 credits \'2856\'25\'29 are allocated to WIL. The evaluator stated that the larger component of WIL is in line with the vocational nature of the scope of practice of auxiliary nurses and students should spend a substantial number of notional hours in practice. The curriculum design\'2C however\'2C lacks evidence of sufficient emphasis on WIL. The \'22outcomes\'3A individual and group care plans \'28not specified in the modules forms with an appropriate verb to clarify the intent\'29\'22 may therefore be inappropriate. The evaluator also noted that the SAQA form indicates that the nurse who completes this qualification will be able to assess\'2C plan\'2C implement and evaluate basic nursing care for individuals and groups. This is also not in line with the SANC scope of practice for auxiliary nurses. In addition\'2C the outcome that the auxiliary nurse practices under supervision of a registered nurse \'28as stated in the SAQA form\'29 is inaccurate in terms of the regulations and inconsistent with the submission to the CHE. \line \line Another concern raised by the HEQC was that a proper Memorandum of Agreement \'28MOA\'29 for the placement of students at accredited training facilities was required. In the representation\'2C samples of contract agreements with pre-school facilities were submitted\'2C but these have little relevance to health-related facilities. In the WIL policy\'2C mention is made of the employer as a major role player in WIL. A requirement of WIL is that the educational institution should negotiate and contract the most suitable placements to meet the outcomes. The evaluator found that such assurance was not forthcoming in the representation. \line \line In the original application\'2C the opportunities for articulation were not made explicit and the Institution did not correctly identify the horizontal and vertical articulation options. The evaluator found that the revised opportunities for horizontal articulation presented in the representation were still vague. The opportunity for vertical articulation to a Diploma in Nursing at NQF Level 5 is incorrect.\line \line In the original application\'2C the work allocation model was omitted. In the representation\'2C a work allocation model was presented\'2C but the evaluator found that this \'E2\'80\'9Cmodel\'E2\'80\'9D consisted of a list of staff members and their responsibility for a specific module. There was no indication of the times and schedules for lecturing or clinical facilitation.\line \line In the HEQC recommendation\'2C it was pointed out that no specific staff for nursing education and practical in an established nursing laboratory was mentioned\'2C and it was not clear if the Institution had specialist nursing staff and clinical specialists to support the programme. In the representation\'2C the CVs of 6 staff members were submitted. Most of the CVs focus on work experience only\'2C without any details of qualifications. Experience in teaching per se is not clear from the CVs. The evaluator indicated that it seemed as if all the listed staff members had a nursing qualification. The registration status with the SANC of three staff members who provided their ID numbers were verified on the eRegister of the SANC. These three were duly registered for 2020. \line \line The HEQC had\'2C furthermore\'2C indicated that the teaching and learning strategy was vague and that the Institution had not provided evidence regarding the implementation of the teaching and learning strategy. The evaluator stated that the representation was lacking in a specific teaching and learning strategy for this programme and contained vague generic statements. It is stated that a face-to-face mode of delivery will be applied on a full-time basis through contact lectures and supervision. Details of how the learning experience is planned and organised is unclear. More details\'2C in terms of specific application\'2C needs to be provided to show how a coherent\'2C effective programme will be operationalised. No specific mention about academic support is made. The ratio of lecturers to students in terms of work allocation\'2C in both theoretical and WIL components\'2C has not been provided. A staff development policy has been uploaded but it is not clear how often lecturers attend opportunities for development and the nature of these to improve the quality of teaching in this specific programme. \line \line In addition to the aforementioned\'2C the HEQC had indicated that there was no evidence of mechanisms to monitor student progress\'2C evaluate programme impact and effect improvement. In the representation\'2C it is stated that student progress will be monitored through frequent meetings with the Heads of Department and that students are monitored through formative and summative assessment. The evaluator remarked that details on assessment\'2C remedial interventions \'28apart from support classes and counselling\'29 and progression criteria are not mentioned. \line \line The HEQC stated that the Assessment Strategy was not explicit in terms of the assessment methods\'2C assessment of WIL and the ratio of formative and summative assessment. The Institution responded by claiming that auxiliary nurses write the national SANC examination. This is not in line with the regulations relating to the approval and the minimum requirements for the education and training of students leading to registration in the category Auxiliary Nurse \'28R169. 8 March 2013\'29. The evaluator also pointed out that according to these regulations\'2C assessors should be registered as assessors with the SANC. The process of internal and external moderation is mentioned but it is not clear from where the external moderators will be sourced nor which conditions will inform the selection and appointment of the external moderators. Although the assessment policy states that assessment criteria against learning outcomes must be developed for each assessment task in each module and that these criteria should be clearly communicated to students\'2C there is no evidence of this intent. The weighting of assessment for all programmes offered by the Institution is 1 test \'2820\'25\'29\'3B written assignment or project \'2820\'25\'29\'3B and a mid-year written examination \'2860\'25\'29. The evaluator found that this weighting was not appropriate for the programme. The policy provides for disputes between internal and external moderators\'2C but no mention is made of settling student disputes. \line \line In the HEQC recommendation\'2C it was indicated that the Institution had not provided sufficient evidence of equipment and facilities to offer a nursing programme and the library resources seemed inadequate. In response\'2C details on the number of lecture rooms and computer laboratories were provided and it was indicated that there was a resource centre with prescribed books and other resources such as films\'2C videos\'2C software\'2C and electronic databases. The evaluator\'2C however\'2C noted that it was not clear how library books would be accessible to students because it was stated that borrowing was not permitted and student cards were used as deposit against the items borrowed. Prescribed books have a loan period of two hours per student. A financial plan for the upgrading and maintenance of buildings and infrastructure has been uploaded. \line \line The HEQC stated that the budget was not sufficient to develop\'2C implement and support this programme. In response\'2C the Institution indicated a budget for the development of learning materials of R150 000\'2C but it was not clear whether this amount covered all programmes or was earmarked for the Higher Certificate in Nursing. \line \line With regard to reason no.13\'2C the evaluator indicated the following\'3A \'22The purpose\'2C process and fees for RPL is discussed in the RPL policy \'28uploaded in Criterion 2\'29. The policy does not mention the limitation of 10\'25 of the students to access via the RPL route\'2C but in section 2.6 of the application this limitation is stated.\'22\line \line In the original submission\'2C the programme coordinator was indicated as holding a BCom\'2C as well as a postgraduate qualification in marketing\'2C and the HEQC had indicated that this person was not suitably qualified to be the programme coordinator for a nursing qualification. The CVs of the current programme coordinator \'28who does not have a nursing qualification\'29 and the future programme coordinator \'28who has a PhD in Nursing\'29 was uploaded. The evaluator was of the opinion that this needed clarification. \line \line The Directorate endorses the previous recommendation that the programme should not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing \'28128 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. Since this programme is not endorsed by the South African Nursing Council\'2C the students who complete this programme will not be licensed to practice as auxiliary nurses. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The representation has failed to provide clarity on the coherence of the curriculum design in terms of the purpose of the programme\'2C the requirements by the professional body\'2C outcomes of the modules and balance between WIL and theory. The WIL policy\'2C as well as the information on the WIL component in the submission\'2C still lacks details in terms of placement\'2C facilitation\'2C mentoring\'2C clinical facilitation\'2C detail of assessment\'2C formative monitoring\'2C identification of at-risk students and appropriate intervention and support. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1 \'26 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. Compliance with requirements of the HEQSF as well as Regulations by the South African Nursing Council is still deficient. It is evident that there is a lack of understanding of the scope of practice for auxiliary nurses \'28Government Gazette R744\'2C 3 July 2020\'29.\line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 5 \'26 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. A requirement of WIL is that the educational institution should negotiate and contract the most suitable placements to meet the outcomes. There is no evidence to support this.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1 \'26 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. The Institution has failed to correctly identify the horizontal and vertical articulation options.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 6. An incomplete work allocation model was submitted.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 7. The teaching and learning strategy has not been adequately clarified and remain vague in terms of its implementation. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 8. The Institution has failed to sufficiently clarify the Assessment Strategy in terms of the assessment methods\'2C assessment of Work-Integrating Learning \'28WIL\'29\'2C the ratio of formative and summative assessment and weighting of assessment tasks.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}