{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR288\'2FE016CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql SA College of Applied Psychology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Counselling and Communication Skills\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 240\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 240\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 2 \'2F Part-time\'3A 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 1st Floor \line Sunclare Building\line 21 Dreyer Street\line Claremont\line 7708\line Cape Town\line South Africa\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The SA College of Applied Psychology is a private higher education institution that is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training\'2C with programmes that are accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is applying for the accreditation of a Diploma in Counselling and Communication Skills programme to be offered in the distance mode\'2C at the Claremont\'2C Main Campus. \line \line The Institution is offering the following accredited programmes from both the Cape Town and the Johannesburg sites of delivery\'3A \line - Higher Certificate in Counselling and Communication Skills \'28NQF5\'29\'3A Contact mode\line - Advanced Certificate in Counselling and Communication Skills \'28NQF6\'29\'3A Contact mode\line - Diploma in Counselling and Communication \'28NQF6\'29\'3A Contact mode\line - Bachelor of Applied Social Science \'28NQF7\'29\'3A Contact and Distance mode\line - Bachelor of Psychology \'28NQF8\'29\'3A Contact mode\line - Post Graduate Diploma in Applied Psychology \'28Coaching\'29 \'28NQF8\'29\'3A Contact and Distance mode\line \line The Diploma in Counselling and Communication and the Graduate Diploma in Counselling and Communication programmes were both submitted for HEQSF alignment as Category C programmes. \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator found that the programme in terms of all the criteria meet the minimum requirements and recommended that the Diploma in Counselling and Communication Skills should be accredited. \line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme is consonant with the SACAP\'27s mission and meets the South African society requirements across the socio-economic spectrum at both an individual and a community level. Provision is made for the programme in the institution\'27s planning and resource allocation processes. The Diploma in Counselling and Communication Skills \'28Distance programme\'29 is a comprehensive\'2C two-year\'2C vocational qualification that primarily has a vocational orientation and provides students at an NQF level 6  with general theoretical principles of Psychology\'2C Counselling and Communication Skills and a combination of general and specific procedures that train students with the ability to apply their knowledge and skills to provide basic supportive mental health services in particular key areas in which they are trained and supervised thereby contributing to SACAP\'27s vision of an empowered society knit together by people in healthy relationships with themselves\'2C their families\'2C their communities and society at large. The programme furthermore places a heavy emphasis on the application of practical skills to address the current skills gap that exists in most educational models in the field of Psychology. The evaluator thought that the programme is intellectually credible\'2C caters for the learning needs of its target students and provides students with a supervised fieldwork component to apply their training. \line \line The design maintains an appropriate balance of theoretical and practical knowledge and skills and the programme serve its educational purpose\'2C and students will undergo 200 notional hours of a practical work-integrated learning experience in this regard. The modules are relevant to the programme and the outcomes as well as the teaching and learning activities of the various modules are clear. Graduates need to register with the Association for Supportive Counsellors.\line \line The evaluator indicated that there are strategies in place for the delivery and assessment in the programme within the distance mode of delivery. There are policies and procedures for developing and evaluating learning materials and ensuring their alignment with the programme goals. The rationale for the use of distance education for the delivery of the Diploma in Counselling and Communication skills \'28Distance programme\'29 is that it fits in with SACAP\'27s strategic plan to continue to broaden its range of qualifications to cater to a variety of higher education needs in both the contact and distance spaces\'2C as well as to provide articulation opportunities for its graduates to further deepen and develop their knowledge and skills. \line \line The evaluator also found that the marketing and advertising material complies with all relevant current national legislation including DHET and SAQA regulations. The Student admission requirements for this programme complies with legislative requirements. The evaluator also thought that the Enrolment Plan for this programme is realistic and clear. Enrolment for distance studies will take place each term. Provision is made for a flexible RPL entry route within the framework of national guidelines for higher education institutions. Student admission through an RPL route\'2C however\'2C may not exceed 10\'25 of the total number of students on any programme. \line \line The evaluator indicated that academic staff members responsible for the programme are suitably qualified and have sufficient relevant experience and teaching competence\'2C and their assessment competence and research profile are adequate for the nature and level of the programme. The institution and\'2For other recognised agencies contracted by the institution provide opportunities for academic staff members to enhance their competences and to support their professional growth and development. \line \line The academic staff members will be sufficient to manage\'2C teach and coordinate the programme. The evaluator noted that the academics are leading professionals and qualified in their fields of expertise as well as the wealth of experience and skill that they will be able to bring to the teaching and learning environment. The Staff Development Policy document stipulates that all aspects of recruitment\'2C selection\'2C appointment\'2C and employment of staff members adhere to the Labour Relations Act. The management staff members\'2C the academic\'2C administrative and the support staff members are of sufficient size and seniority for the nature and field of the programme to ensure that all activities related to the programme can be carried out effectively. The evaluator noted that policies\'2C conditions of service and other documentation is in place. \line \line In terms of SACAP\'27s teaching and learning approach\'2C SACAP adopts a student-centred educational philosophy based on the premise that students learn best in a supportive learning environment through interactive learning and engaging and reflective teaching and learning practices that focuses on the development of theoretical knowledge\'2C applied skills and reflexive competencies. SACAP seeks to create a flexible and inclusive adult learning model of education and practice and to provide quality education by employing expert practitioner educators to facilitate education within a supportive and nurturing environment. Students are supported throughout their studies in the distance mode of delivery by expert Educators. These educators have teaching expertise and relevant knowledge in order to facilitate their modules.  Students will receive continuous scaffolded feedback from the educator thus facilitating an effective ongoing formative assessment and feedback loop that enhances the quality of teaching and learning. Processes are in place at all levels to identify and support inactive and\'2For under-performing students. Struggling students are readily identified at the coal face by educators\'2Fsupervisors. Various documentation is in place for this Criterion.\line \line The evaluator noted that SACAP has developed modules for the programme with assessment requirements that address the overall aim and learning outcomes of each module. Assessment is a core component of the programme whereby the student engages an independent structured process for gathering evidence in relation to specified levels of competence clearly identified in the learning outcomes of a particular module of study. In relation to the programme\'2C assessment is continuous\'2C and constructively aligned to module and programme learning outcomes. Integrated assessment \'28both formative and summative\'29 are carried out to support learning and determine the application of knowledge in authentic situations. The evaluator indicated that SACAP stated that external moderation is not applicable for the programme. In terms of security\'2C the outcomes and guidance on future options is recorded in the Assessment Feedback Record\'2C recorded on the Learning Management System \'28MySACAP\'29. \line \line The Institution utilises a Learning Management System \'28LMS\'29 named MySACAP that utilises Moodle for the delivery of its existing accredited distance \'28online\'29 programmes. An E-library with all the relevant required and recommended readings for all of the modules making up the programme is offered by SACAP as well as an extended offering of special interest texts and journals available through Ebscohost\'2C JStor and Sabinet. The programme is managed and administered from SACAP\'27s Head Office which is based at SACAP\'27s Cape Town campus. The campus complies with all health and occupational safety and regulations as are required. \line \line All students are provided with a module outline for each module as well as a student handbook \'28outlining SACAP policies and procedures\'29\'2C an APA referencing guide\'2C a list of the prescribed readings for the module and a list of recommended reading in PDF format as well as other specially prepared learning resources \'28e.g. short videos and PowerPoint presentations\'29. Distance students will have access to the physical libraries that exist on each of SACAP\'27s physical campuses in Cape Town\'2C Johannesburg\'2C Pretoria and Durban. All facilities and resources on the SACAP Cape Town Campus\'2FHead Office \'28where distance\'2Fonline learning staff members are based\'29 are modern and have well-equipped facilities. There is a specific budget for ongoing maintenance. During orientation\'2C students are shown how to use the library facilities\'2C and issued with a Student Handbook in which is contained the Library policy.  \line \line The Institution currently uses an internally developed and managed Student Management System to capture and maintain all student information and grades. This is an accurate and reliable management information system to control the core processes of student administration. It incorporates a large collection of standard reports with simple customisable options. The system uses an SQL database with a user-friendly interface programmed in PHP and Java. The Student Management System is the central Management System and is managed centrally by the Systems department\'2C housed on an internal central server located at the Cape Town campus. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should be accredited with a condition. \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Counselling and Communication Skills \'28240 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 1. The Institution must clarify why the programme does not provide for external moderation.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. The Institution should submit the endorsement letter from the professional body.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}