{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR037\'2FE053CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Richfield Graduate Institute of Technology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Digital Marketing\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 125\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Struben Street Campus\line 287 Struben Street\'2C \line Pretoria\line 0001\line \line Joe Slovo Street Campus\line 44 Joe Slovo Street\'2C \line Durban\line 4000\line \line Church Street Campus\line 421 Church Street\'2C \line Pretoria\line 0001\line \line Polokwane Campus\line 52 Church Street\'2C \line Polokwane\line 0700\line \line Umhlanga Ridge Campus\line 9 Palm Boulevard\'2C \line Umhlanga Rocks\line 4320\line \line Jorrison Campus\line 76 Jorrison Street\'2C \line Braamfontein\'2C\line 2001\line \line Cape Town Campus\line 49 St George Mall\'2C \line Cnr Castle Street \'26 St Georges Mall\'2C \line Cape Town\line 8000\line \line Main Campus\line 292 Anton Lembede \'28Smith\'29 Street\line Durban\line 4000\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line Richfield Graduate Institute of Technology \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training \'28DHET\'29 as a Private Higher Education Institution \'28PHEI\'29 and is accredited by the Council on Higher Education \'28CHE\'29. \line \line The Institution is applying for the accreditation of Higher Certificate in Digital Marketing to be offered in Contact Mode at the following sites\'3A\line \line  Struben Street Campus - 287 Struben Street\'2C Pretoria\line Joe Slovo Street Campus - 44 Joe Slovo \'28Field\'29 Street\'2C Durban\line Church Street Campus - 421 Church Street\'2C Pretoria\line Polokwane Campus - 52 Church Street\'2C Polokwane\line Umhlanga Ridge Campus - 9 Palm Boulevard\'2C Umhlanga Rocks\line Jorrison Campus - 76 Jorrison Street\'2C Braamfontein\line Cape Town Campus - 49 St George Mall\'2C Cnr Castle Street \'26 St Georges Mall\'2C Cape Town\line Main Campus - 292 Anton Lembede \'28Smith\'29 Street\'2C Durban\'2C 4001 in contact mode of delivery.\line \line The Institution has also applied for accreditation of a number of programmes across different fields of study. \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The Higher Certificate in Digital Marketing is designed to develop knowledge and competencies in a specialist subfield of marketing\'2C i.e. digital marketing. The programme is focused on the strategic implications\'2C including risks and ethical implications\'2C of social media marketing and candidates is expected to demonstrate the ability to examine\'2C develop and implement a digital marketing strategy for an organisation This will increase graduates\'3F employability in the local and even global technological and marketing areas.\line \line The evaluator indicated that no module-information were provided in section 1.4. However\'2C the module descriptors that were attached provided information about the modules\'2C credits per module\'2C NQF Level\'2C brief outline of the syllabus and module outcomes. The evaluator indicated that the curriculum seems coherent and covers relevant content\'2C based on the module information that were available. No assessment criteria or information about assessment were provided in the module descriptors\'2C it was therefore difficult to determine whether the learning activities and assessment in the programme are concurrent with the purpose of this programme\'2C and a HCert at Level 5 of the NQF.\line \line The information from the module outlines indicates that the programme comprises of 11 compulsory modules. The total credits for the programme are 120\'2C but the programme application indicates that the programme has a minimum of 125 credits. The institution should clarify the minimum total credits for the qualification and align the HEQC submission and SAQA application. The evaluator questions the prescribed textbooks that were provided with the module outline\'2C as several modules uses the same textbook.  It raises the question whether the work covered in the modules will be adequate for the planned credits and notional learning hours for the qualification. The Directorate noted that the institution did not indicate how the competences developed in this programme are aligned to NQF Level 8 \'28cf. Section 1.8\'29. This was also not evident from the module outlines. The institution should explain how the competences developed in this programme align with NQF Level 5.\line \line The CESM classification from the submission does not align with the SAQA application. According to the SAQA application\'2C the programme is assigned to CESM 0503 \'28Radio\'2C Television and Digital Communication\'29\'2C while the programme application to the HEQC suggests that the CESM is 0411 \'28Marketing\'29. The institution should verify and align the CESM categories in the two documents. Also justify the choice of CESM\'2C as journalism and communication suggest a different body of knowledge than marketing\'2C which falls under Business\'2C Economics and Management studies.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the admission and selection criteria adhere to current legislation and are commensurate with the programme\'3Fs academic requirements. The institution provided for admission via Recognition of Prior Learning. The institutional process was explained and supported by the institutional RPL Policy. No more than 10\'25 of the student intake will be via the RPL route.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the application needs improvement in terms of staffing \'28Criterion 3 \'26 4\'29. The academic staff seems suitably qualified to facilitate learning in the programme. A programme coordinator has been appointed\'2C who manages the administrative functions related to the various academic programmes. It is not clear if the programme coordinator manages more than one programme at this \'28and other institutions\'29.  No indication was provided in his CV of his involvement with this institution\'2C but it was indicated that he is the director of a business and full-time working at PC Training and Business College as the dean.\line \line A list of staff and qualifications were provided\'2C but the institution did not indicate whether the list provides the staff members for the entire institution and all the campuses\'2C or whether this is the staff that will be involved with this specific qualification. The programme will only be presented at the Main Campus and it can be assumed that all the staff on the list will be involved with the HCert \'28Digital Marketing\'29 at the Main Campus\'2C but the staff lists are not campus specific. The evaluator noted that although staff seems suitably qualified\'2C this criterion cannot be fully evaluated in terms of adequate staff per campus and workload.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the institution gives recognition to the importance of promoting student learning. The teaching and learning strategy is appropriate for the programme type. It takes into account the method of delivery and student composition by employing teaching and learning techniques and technology that keep up with national and international trends in higher education and the need for the use of technology to enhance students\'3F learning. \line \line The quality of teaching and learning is maintained and sustained through an overall emphasis on standardisation and uniformity of materials development\'2C with coordination of teaching and learning from the Durban head office. The Institution ensures that students are provided with technical support for the specific educational technology software required for the programme. The at-risk students \'28unsatisfactory learner attendance\'2C late or non-submissions of assignments\'2C bad class behaviour\'2C failing students\'2C limited English proficiency etc.\'29 are identified via the Management Information System of the Institution \'28ICAS\'29. At risk student support includes involving low achievers in class participation\'2C encourage interaction by using questioning techniques involving opinion and evaluation\'2C review of tests\'2C individualised\'2C group and cooperative learning assistance\'2C study skills in the content of subject matters\'2C additional support classes with peer tutoring and counseling service on not just their academic\'2C career but also on personal social development.\line \line The assessment strategy is well explained\'2C and institutional policies are in place. The evaluator indicated that Criterion 6 \'28Assessment\'29 needs improvement. The Directorate reviewed the application and found that various forms of assessments are used\'2C formative and summative assessment are clarified and institutional structures in terms of moderation\'2C feedback and grievances are in place.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the institution has adequate infrastructure and library resources to support the programme. In terms of programme academic services\'2C the institution did not clarify whether each campus will have its own examination centre\'2C or whether students will be writing the same exam paper or how the institution will go about to ensure the standards and security of the assessment instruments \'28question papers\'29.  The institution indicated that the Durban office coordinate activities but not specific in terms of writing examinations and tests. The Directorate notes that this programme will only be offered on the Main Campus and it can therefore be assumed that the examinations will be organized\'2C managed and administered for this programme at the Main Campus.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme should be accredited with conditions. The Directorate notes that the application includes various discrepancies and some sections \'281.4 \'26 1.6\'29 was not sufficient. Also\'2C there were various questions from the evaluator concerning programme design. The Directorate hereby recommends that the HCert \'28Digital Marketing\'29 is not accredited for the reasons listed below\'3A\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Digital Marketing \'28125 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. The programme outline and modules \'28Section 1.4\'29 of the application was not completed. Although the module descriptors that were attached provided some information about the modules no assessment criteria or information about assessment were provided. It was therefore difficult to determine whether the learning activities and assessment in the programme are concurrent with the purpose of this programme\'2C and a HCert at Level 5 of the NQF.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The institution did not indicate how the competences developed in this programme are aligned to NQF Level 8 \'28cf. Section 1.8\'29. This was also not evident from the module outlines. The institution should explain how the competences developed in this programme align with NQF Level 5.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. The information from the module outlines indicates that the programme comprises of 11 compulsory modules. The total credits for the programme are 120\'2C but the programme application indicates that the programme has a minimum of 125 credits. The institution should clarify the minimum total credits for the qualification and align the HEQC submission and SAQA application. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. Several of the modules use the same prescribed textbook. The institution should clarify whether the content and learning activities covered in the modules provides enough scope and will be adequate for the planned credits and notional learning hours for the qualification.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. The CESM classification from the submission does not align with the SAQA application. According to the SAQA application\'2C the programme is assigned to CESM 0503 \'28Radio\'2C Television and Digital Communication\'29\'2C while the programme application to the HEQC suggests that the CESM is 0411 \'28Marketing\'29. The institution should verify and align the CESM categories in the two documents. Also justify the choice of CESM\'2C as journalism and communication suggest a different body of knowledge than marketing\'2C which falls under Business\'2C Economics and Management studies.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 6. In terms of staffing\'2C the institution should clarify the position of the programme coordinator\'2C Mr Vasala\'2C specifically with regards to employment in the institution and other institutions. Explain his specific role as programme coordinator in relation to various other positions that he might fill \'28according to the curriculum vitae\'29. Also verify which of the insitution\'E2\'80\'99s academic programmes are managed by him.  \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}