{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 6th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR035\'2FE119CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql The Independent Institute of Education \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Human Resource Management Practice\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 371\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql IIE Rosebank College Polokwane\line 54 Church Street\line Polokwane\line \line \line IIE Rosebank College\'2C Braamfontein Mega\line 23 Jorissen Street\line Braamfontein\line \line \line IIE Rosebank College - Durban\line 221 Dr Pixley KaSeme Street\line Durban\line \line IIE Rosebank College - Bloemfontein\line 97 St Andrews Street\'2C Bloemfontein\'2C 9301\line \line IIE Rosebank College - Pietermaritzburg\'2C\line 110 - 118 Chief Albert Luthuli Street\line PIETERMARITZBURG\line 3201\line \line \line IIE Rosebank College\'2C Pretoria\line 1st Floor \line 239 Pretorius Street\line PRETORIA\line 0001\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Independent Institute of Education \'28IIE\'29 is a Private Higher Education Institution registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has programmes accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of Diploma in Human Resource Management Practice which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at the following sites\'3A\line \line 1. IIE Rosebank College Polokwane - Polokwane \line 2. IIE Rosebank College\'2C Braamfontein Mega - Braamfontein\'2C Johannesburg \line 3. IIE Rosebank College - Durban - Durban \line 4. IIE Rosebank College - Bloemfontein - Bloemfontein \line 5. IIE Rosebank College - Pietermaritzburg\'2C - Pietermaritzburg \line 6. IIE Rosebank College\'2C Pretoria - Pretoria \line \line \line The IIE is accredited to offer the following programmes in the field of Human Resources\'3A \line - Higher Certificate in Human Resource Practices \line - Diploma in Human Resource Management Practice \line \line The Institution is going through a re-accreditation cycle.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The programme is consonant with the institution\'3Fs mission. The programme replace an existing two-year programme\'2C which is to be taught out and meets national requirements and the needs of students. The Institution makes provision for widened access and the programme meets the needs of stakeholders.   The programme is intellectually credible and comprises 16 modules\'2C and two WIL modules with no placement required. The aim of the WIL is for students to work effectively in a simulated work group setting. The purpose of the qualification is to enable graduates to enter a career in Human Resource practice. Vertical articulation into a cognate Bachelor\'3Fs degree or advanced diploma is possible\'2C and horizontally into other qualifications at the same level. The programme improves on the two-year programme. The programme forms part of institutional planning and provision for the programme in the planning.\line \line Recruitment documentation informs potential students of the programme accurately and the marketing strategies include school visits\'2C web and social media campaigns\'2C conventional media advertisements and brochures and information sheets. Admission criteria are aligned to national requirements\'2C and widened access is provided for. The number of students anticipated takes into account the intended learning outcomes\'2C the capacity to offer good quality education and the needs of the Human Resource Management field.  RPL is provided for and applications are evaluated centrally. The student enrolment plan take into consideration the capacity each site is able to manage.\line \line The staff is adequately and appropriately qualified and skilled\'2C and regular training and staff development opportunities take place. Some lecturer\'3Fs qualifications at the Bloemfontein campus were not provided.  A programme coordinator is responsible for programme oversight and management. Each campus provides general training interventions. Lecturers are peer reviewed and if necessary undergo review or training. Academics are provided with study assistance and research support \'28leave and mentoring\'29. Development plans are individual. \line \line The academic staff complement is of sufficient size and seniority for the nature and field of the programme.  A workload model is provided and is balanced.  The staff ratio cannot be calculated for the Bloemfontein site. The recruitment and employment of staff adheres to the legislation and redress and equity are addressed. Lecturer induction and orientation is held and a Lecturer Resource pack provided. \line \line Support staff for the programme are in place at each site and a web-based student hub handles queries and applications related to administration. IT specialists manage the national infrastructure and coordinate activities.  A team of instructional designers work to ensure learning management resources are available and support the delivery of the programme. \line \line The institution promotes student learning and involves industry in curriculum development. The teaching and learning strategy is appropriate and integrates technology into the teaching and learning model suited to the student profile. The institution provides administrative and academic support to all students and wellness support is provided. The strategy sets targets\'2C and mechanisms to monitor progress\'2C evaluate impact and effect improvement through reviews of the programme by two industry experts\'2C students and lecturers.  At risk students are identified and monitored.  A wide variety of support mechanisms is in place\'2C including individual and group mechanism. \line \line There are appropriate policies and procedures for internal assessments regardless of mode of delivery. Students are provided with feedback on their learning and there are different types of assessment to cater for different competencies.  Access to the summative is determined by the level of performance formative tasks. No assignments may exceed 75\'25 of the formative assessment marks. \line \line Fair\'2C valid and reliable assessment practices are followed.  Lecturers mark against memoranda and rubrics and moderation ensures that assessments are credible\'2C reliable and relevant. A specific moderator tracks performance across sites\'2C brands and programmes.  The material moderator ensures alignment across outcomes\'2C assessment instrument and marking and moderators ensure consistency. Exit level modules are moderated externally and are appropriately and adequately qualified. An online platform allows markers and the programme head to engage\'2C and a data management system enables reviews of the performance on each assessment at each brand.  Results arrangements are sound. Appeal processes are in place. Staff competence in assessments is develop through training\'2C moderation and feedback from senior academics. \line \line The institution has suitable and sufficient venues and IT infrastructure. All sites have computer studios and students have access to and facilities for research and assignments.  Site libraries offer electronic and hard copy academic resources. Library computers link to EbscoHost\'2C SABINET and Emerald Insight.  Each campus has a qualified librarian. Policies are in place to ensure the management and maintenance of library resources. Not much evidence was provided of HR resources specifically. Staff development for library personnel takes place and an information literacy tutorial is provided for all students.\line \line The programme has effective administrative services in place and a System for Academic Management which runs off a centralised SQL database. There are effective administrative services for results and for certification of the qualification. A variety of reports is available from the database.  There is a formal process for applying for credits and measures are in place to ensure eligibility prior to awarding certificates. There are strict security measures to preventing fraud. \line \line The evaluator finds that the Institution is to be commended in Criteria 2\'2C 5\'2C 6\'2C 7 and 8\'3B meets minimum standards in Criterion 3 and 4\'3B and does not comply with the minimum standards in Criterion 1. The Directorate notes that the only reason for finding that the Institution does not comply with this criterion is that no new benchmarking of the programme has been undertaken. The evaluator states that \'3Fthe programme was merely improved from the previous two-year programme so no additional benchmarking was conducted\'3F.  The Directorate is of the view that this does not warrant a \'3Fdoes not comply\'3F rating\'2C and recommends that the rating to be amended to a \'3Fmeets minimum standards\'3F. \line \line Despite this\'2C the evaluator recommends that the programme be accredited\'2C with conditions. The first condition is that the maximum credits for Level 5 should not exceed 120.  However\'2C there is no requirement such as this in the HEQSF and so this condition is disregarded. Additional comments \'28although no conditions\'29 are recommended relating to the names of two lecturers at the Bloemfontein campus\'2C the number of scripts moderated \'28which is adequate\'29 and site visits to confirm library holdings for HR. The Directorate is of the view that as these are comments and not conditions\'2C the programme be accredited without conditions.  \line \line \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Human Resource Management Practice \'28371 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}