{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR035\'2FE124CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql The Independent Institute of Education \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Event Management\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 123\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Head Office\line ADvTECH House\line Building 3\'2C Block 7\line Inanda Greens\line 54 Wierda Road West\line Wierda Valley\line SANDTON\line 2196\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Independent Institute of Education \'28IIE\'29 is a private higher education institution registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has programmes that are accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Higher Certificate in Event Management programme which will be offered in the distance mode of delivery at the Sandton\'2C Head Office.\line \line The Institution has an accredited Higher Certificate in Event Management programme that is offered in the contact mode of delivery.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator states that the programme in terms of most of the criteria does not meet the minimum requirements barring Criteria 7\'2C 8 and the distance education section.  The evaluator recommends that the programme should not be accredited.\line \line The programme is in line with the mission of the Institution. The programme consists of 12 modules with one 15 credit module on WIL. This practical experience will take place through the simulated Work-Integrated Learning \'28WIL\'29 module\'2C and is designed to enhance and facilitate the development of basic industry specific skills and competencies. This simulated work experience is combined with the use of case studies and scenario-based work in other modules. Therefore\'2C with a strong vocational focus\'2C the programme design will facilitate the development of work-ready event coordinators. However\'2C the evaluator is not satisfied with the simulated WIL planned and is of the view that the students should be engaged in Work-based Learning. The simulated work experience involves preparation of a documented and structured plan for an event. From the available information\'2C this is a written assignment. The evaluator is of the view that such an approach to WIL is grossly inappropriate for the programme\'2C so disadvantaging student learning\'2C as the skills for the sector are obtained through a range of experiences in the workplace and not through the proposed formats.\line \line The evaluator also identifies a need for industry body endorsement of the programme. There also appears to be no engagement with primary event management employer associations such as the Exhibition and Event Association of Southern Africa \'28EXSA\'29 nor the South African Association for the Conference Industry \'28SAACI\'29. The Institution needs to reconsider the list of possible professions aligned to this particular programme in order to ensure that potential students are not misled about future employment and job prospects.\line \line The Institution has provided the programme\'E2\'80\'99s marketing information. The student admission requirements are aligned with national requirements. Candidates must have attempted the Senior Certificate\'2C attained the age of 23 before or during the first year of registration with three years\'27 work experience and proven ability relating to the proposed programme as well as adequate communication skills\'3B or candidates must have attained the age of 45 before or during the first year of registration. RPL is also an option for student admission to the programme. The Enrolment Plan is acceptable with the projected numbers beginning with 50 students and progressively growing the 65 students. \line \line The list of staff members indicates that the academics listed are suitably qualified and have sufficient experience. The Workload Allocation Model is acceptable. All staff members have been allocated to the different modules\'2C however\'2C the evaluator is of the view that the Programme Coordinator for this qualification presents no qualification nor academic experience in the Event Management sector to adequately execute this role. The Directorate notes that academic coordination at the programme level for the Higher Certificate in Event Management is carried out by the national Programme Coordinator called a Head of Programme \'28HoP\'29\'2C is normally located at the Central Academic Team \'28CAT\'29. The HoP currently coordinates the contact\'2C accredited Higher Certificate in Event Management and is responsible for the oversight and management of a programme or modules\'2C and\'2C the content of the module \'28e.g. the prescribed textbook\'29\'2C the learning outcomes\'2C assessments\'2C and the learning management system. The HoP will moderate all aspects of the curriculum making use of subject matter experts for specific modules. There are three areas of professional competency and growth. There are sufficient support staff members to support the programme. \line \line With regard to teaching and learning\'2C for both distance and contact students the graduate attributes are central\'2C and the institution aims to deliver self-mediated\'2C self-regulated\'2C and self-aware graduates through a teaching and learning experience. Each student on this qualification is enrolled in a peer group on online platform. This is a Blackboard \'28BB\'29 based system \'28see later how learning is mediated on this system\'29. An online tutor \'28a lecturer with distance experience and training who meets the \'22one up\'22 requirement\'29 is allocated to each group. This also offers synchronous and asynchronous tutorial type sessions with the students as required by the outcomes of each module. These are recorded and loaded on to the system for students who cannot participate. Orientation is intensive\'2C and it is repeated as start dates are not identical - its key aim is to make sure the student is confident on the platform\'2C has their own technology appropriately set up and is aware of policies such as those pertaining to assessment and intellectual integrity. \line \line A short learning programme is provided to all students to introduce them to the learning environment and the way modules are presented on the online system. The allocation of engagement time in the distance mode is determined by the credit value of the module and its NQF level. The \'22contact\'22 time is largely delivered online - where tutors engage with students individually and as groups and in response to student participation in activities on the system. \line \line The distance assessment model includes assignments\'2C ICE tasks and examinations\'2Fportfolio of evidence as the assessment types for each module on the programme. All modules are at the exit level of the qualification requiring external moderation\'3B however\'2C only the modules Event Management 1A\'2C Event Management 1B\'2C Event Administration and Event Design are externally moderated.\line \line In all module\'27s students will be provided with opportunities to get feedback on their learning before the summative assessment - where there is more than one formative assessment they will be of different types to cater for different competencies and skills. Feedback on assessments prior to the summative are individual and sent to the students via the online platform. Staff member\'E2\'80\'99s competence in the development of assessments is built through the processes of training\'2C moderation\'2C and direct feedback from a senior academic and from the mentoring provided to new developers in the Central Academic Team and on sites. The recording and processing of results are credible.\line \line Distance education students have access to all the Institution\'27s campuses if they should have a need. This includes access to libraries and equipment. No special equipment is needed for this programme. All sites have OHS certificates. There is sufficient ICT infrastructure in place. The Institution has a digital library strategy\'2C subscribes to many full-text online journals\'2C and has an extensive electronic textbook holding. The Library and Information Services \'28LIS\'29 provides seamless access to a collection of current and up to date digital information sources. The Library Website provides students with access to the online public access catalogue OPAC and the digital library\'2C eShelf. Here students and registered library users have access to over 900 000 peer reviewed articles\'2C journals\'2C videos\'2C images\'2C eBooks and print copies. Titles not available in the library collections can be obtained via Interlibrary Loans. \line \line The Institution has a sophisticated national computer network\'2C connecting site servers and making use of hosted servers to guarantee uptime\'2C redundancy\'2C reliability\'2C backup\'2C and for resource demand management. It uses a centrally hosted web-based solution called SAM \'28System for Academic Management\'29. SAM is a custom\'2C centralised database structure with a web-based front-end\'2C developed by the group. There are sufficient security measures in place. \line \line The Institution also has sufficient administrative and support services in place. Quality assurance is on all aspects of actions\'2C deliverables\'2C service\'2C verification and outputs related to teaching and learning\'2C and is applied through regular\'2C cyclical internal and external review\'2C scrutiny discussion and integrated continuous improvement. \line \line The evaluator recommends that the programme not be accredited.  The Directorate does not support this recommendation as the identified matters can be addressed prior to the commencement of the programme as the programme has already been accredited in the contact mode with a similar programme design.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme be accredited with conditions.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Event Management \'28123 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The Institution should review the simulated work experience as proposed in favour of work-based WIL through a range of experiences in the workplace in line with the objectives of the programme. The practice of the simulated work environment should also be reviewed for the programme that is being offered in the contact mode of delivery.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. Evidence that all modules are externally moderated should be submitted as all these modules are at the exit level of the qualification.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 3. Clarity is necessary on the weighting of the summative assessment of the distance. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql RECOMMENDATION\'3A\line The Institution should reconsider the list of possible professions aligned to this particular programme in order to ensure that potential students are not misled about future employment and job prospects.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}