{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR040\'2FE009CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Helderberg College of Higher Education NPC \'28previously named Helderberg College\'29 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Computer and Information Science.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 140\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Annandale Drive\line Somerset West\line 7130\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Helderberg College NPC is a private higher education institution that has several programmes that are accredited and is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training \'28DHET\'29. \line \line The Institution is applying for the accreditation of a Higher Certificate in Computer and Information Science programme to be offered in the contact mode. The Institution is operating from their Main Campus at Disa Road\'2C Helderberg College Campus\'2C Annandale Drive\'2C Somerset West\'2C 7130.\line \line This is the first application from the Institution in the field of Computer and Information Science\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator has identified critical weaknesses in the programme and has indicated that the programme only in terms of Criteria 2 meets the minimum requirements but in terms of the rest of the Criteria these need improvement in terms of all the other Criteria.  Given the number and the nature of the shortcomings\'2C the evaluator recommended that the programme not be accredited.\line \line The Institution focuses on Arts\'2C Business\'2C Education\'2C Health\'2C Religion and Theology. This Higher Certificate will be a first qualification of this kind in the field of ICT and will be an addition to the existing programmes of the Faculty of Business. The programme is however not aligned to the institution\'27s focus which excludes the field of ICT. It should be noted that the explanation of what the programme will equip the student with\'2C differs between sections \'28e.g. to equip with health\'29.\line \line The Higher Certificate is pegged as a NQF level 5\'2C one-year programme. In the programme\'2C 13 compulsory modules are to be taken - 4 modules of 8 credits\'2C and 9 modules with 12 credits. It is not clear from the application or the SAQA documentation which modules will be offered in the first and which in the second semester of the programme. The reader needs to figure it out from the module outlines where the Institution explains the assumptions of prior learning. No table indicating the semesters in which modules will be running\'2C was provided. The documents show contradictions in themselves. For example\'2C CIS125 Website \'26 Cyber Principles on page one under Academic Period indicates that the module will be in second semester. But on the same page under assumptions of prior learning it is indicated that End-user computing is a co-requisite for Website and Cyber Principles\'2C which means it should be offered at the same time. End-user computing CIS110 however is offered in semester 1. The problem is that the Institution does not understand the concept of co- versus pre-requisite. \line \line Regarding specific modules\'2C the Institution explained that CIS110 is a pre-requisite for Database Management CIS122\'2C but Database Management CIS122 is not listed as a module in the programme. It is only under 3.1 where there is some indication that Business Computing would be the Database and Systems Management module. The module names used under 1.4 and later under staffing in 3.1 also differ\'2C for example\'2C Business Computing seems to be Database Management. \line \line With investigation into the module it was discovered in the module outline that the module is not a Database Management module but rather about the Fundamentals of Information Systems. Also\'2C in the CIS122 module outline it is indicated that End-user Computing CIS110 is a pre-requisite for Business Computing CIS122\'2C while End-user Computing II CIS111 is a pre-or co-requisite\'2C which can cause confusion. Other questions are also raised\'3A How can students write a practical examination in Business Computing\'3F It is an Information Systems theoretical module. If students are expected to write class tests every second week and it contributes 15\'25 how much will each class test contribute\'3F \line \line The Institution makes mention of a mid-term examination which is normally referred to as a semester test. The Institution further indicate that students will submit assignments on a weekly basis. The evaluator questions the number of weeks in a semester and the feasibility to have so many assessments. What if a student misses an assignment or any of the assessments\'3F On page 8 of the Business Computing module outline\'2C the nature of homework is explained. The evaluator argues that the whole teaching and learning philosophy of the Institution with homework is not preparing the students for Higher Education.\line \line The articulation possibilities of this programme were explained. After completion students can articulate vertically to an NQF level 6 Advanced Certificate or Diploma in a similar field at universities of technology or other universities. Horizontally students can enter a cognate programme at NQF level 5\'2C subject to compliance with the student admission requirements for that programme.\line \line According to the booklist provided BUS121 Basic Business Principles will have 4 books. The Institution did not indicate which books would be prescribed and which books would be recommended text books. In the booklist it is however indicated that manuals developed by CPUT will be used. CIS111 End user computing II\'2C CIS122 Business Computing\'2C CIS123 Computer Networks\'2C CIS125 website \'26 Cyber Principles\'2C COM110 Communication distinguishes between prescribed and recommended textbooks. CIS114 Computer Hardware and CIS123 Computer Networks will be using an ICT fundamentals book developed by CPUT who also developed the module and then it will be supplemented by CISCO netacad content. A concern is that in the module outlines provided it is noted that the course will be using IT Essentials of Cisco Networking Academy. The COM 110 Communication module make use of MICTSETA Media\'2C Information and Communication Technologies Sector Education and Training Authority - Professional Communication textbook also developed by CPUT.  REB117 Values only has recommended books. CIS110 End user Computing 1A could rather be called typing skills. A further problem is the module outline which indicates 12 credits yet in the SAQA document it is 8 credits. End-user Computing 1A and 1B will be offered in the same semester according to the SAQA document and these modules are pre-requisites for other modules.\line \line The WIL can be completed during College holidays and on days where no lecturers or labs are scheduled. In the second semester the schedule will be planned to free up 3 weeks in addition to the mid-semester break for WIL learning 1B. The WIL module outline outcomes for CIS156 cannot be seen as exposure to Database Management Systems.  There is a lack of clarity on how students will be doing WIL. Students have to complete 80 hours per semester for WIL but is it not clear which companies will take the students to complete these activities. In the WIL module outline the grading is also concerning behavior\'2Fattitude in work area weighted at 20\'25 how will they measure this\'3F In the SAQA document it is also indicated that students will be required to complete WIL during the mid-year break in both semesters. The mid-year break is however a week long and they need to complete 80 hours which means 2 weeks. These students will thus not have any break in the middle of a semester.\line \line In the application the Institution failed to explain that some modules would be offered as fundamental or core and some according to \'27provider discretion\'27. However\'2C if students do not do the \'27provider discretion\'27 modules the qualification has an 8-credit shortfall. According to the application all the modules are compulsory. In the SAQA document the Institution also states that\'2C \'22All the Provider\'27s Discretion modules totaling 8 credits are compulsory\'22. \line \line In the SAQA document the Institution claims that the programme compares well with A-levels in the United Kingdom. It can however not be confirmed. The naming convention of the programme could not be verified on the SAQA web site. Information Science is something different to Information Systems. The Institution should consider changing it to Information Systems instead of Information Science. Information sciences is a field primary concerned with the analysis\'2C collection\'2C classification and manipulation\'2C storage\'2C retrieval\'2C movement\'2C dissemination of information. Information Science is a combination of library science and computer science\'2C IT and management science. \line \line The Institution plans to market the programme via social media\'2C newspapers\'2C radio\'2C marketing material\'2C etc. Entry requirements include English 40\'25\'2C Additional language 30\'25\'2C Mathematics 40\'25 or Mathematics Literacy 60\'25 plus 3 additional subjects \'28including Life orientation\'29 with an APS score of 19. Planned student intake will initially be 15 students and gradually increase to 25 students by 2023. The RPL Policy and the ensuing process has been explained.\line \line From the list of 8 staff members whose names were provided\'2C only two have qualifications in ICT. One person has a Master\'27s in Information Science\'2C and one BEng in Mechanical Engineering. The rest of the staff members qualifications are in Secretarial Science\'2C Accounting Finance\'2C teaching English and general Education. WIL 1A and 1B has been allocated to an employee with a BA Hons in Socio-Informatics\'2C who would not be able to properly assess students in ICT. The employee with a Postgraduate Diploma in Business and Systems Analysis has been allocated to Website \'26 Cyber Principles as well as computer hardware with a qualification that does not cover these fields. The employee with an Master in Business Administration with specialization in Accounting Finance will be teaching Basic Business Principles which is acceptable\'2C as well as the employee with an Master of Educational Teaching English to speakers of other languages who has been allocated communication. The employee with a BEd in General Education will be teaching Values Character and Personal Enrichment. \line \line The Programme Coordinator will not only be responsible to coordinate the programme but also to teach End-User Computing II\'2C WIL 1A and 1B with a BA Hons in Socio Informatics. \line \line The Institution will be supporting staff members financially for up to 75\'25 of further study and in some cases provide 100\'25 financial assistance. In addition\'2C lecturers are provided with regular in-house training and seminars in the area of HE\'2C assessment\'2C research teaching and learning strategies\'2C programme design etc. The Institution plans to invite public HE institutions such as Rhodes\'2C Stellenbosch\'2C Monash\'2C UCT and Wits to conduct in-house training. \line \line All full-time lecturers are expected to carry a full load\'2C which is determined by the academic administration committee which range from 95 to 105\'25. If a class is larger than 30 the workload is reduced. The lecturer to student ration is envisaged as 1 staff member to 13 students. However\'2C the workload should be reconsidered. \line \line The evaluator notes that there might be a shortage of support staff members for the programme. The procedure for the appointment of staff members indicates that a staff member should have a Diploma or a higher qualification. There are no specific minimum requirements for lecturers that are stipulated which is concerning. The Institution needs to re-work the conditions of employment\'2C employment equity\'2C as well as procedure for appointment of staff members documents because they do not meet the minimum requirements. \line \line Although the programme is vocational in nature and requires a fair amount of practical learning\'2C the Institution did not indicate how many periods a week a student would have theory and how many periods a week they will have practical classes. There are still some editorial changes evident in the development of the Learning Material Policy. According to the Policy the Institution will also make use of Moodle to facilitate student access and to engage in meaningful learning experiences. According to the same policy it is the responsibility of the lecturer to develop module outlines\'2C as well as manuals. \line \line In the booklist it is indicated that manuals that are developed by CPUT will be used. According to the policy staff members should develop manuals which students can use if they cannot afford the textbook. The use of prescribed books\'2C if any\'2C is not clear. The Student Support Policy is sufficient\'2C with appropriate interventions and support. Concerning is the revised academic ranking policy \'282012\'29 which indicates that fully employed lecturing staff members can use the titles Associate Professor and Professor.\line \line The Assessment Policy does not cover assessment procedures or principles relating to formative and summative assessments. At some \'28later\'29 stage only\'2C the Institution makes a distinction between formative and summative assessments. No indication was given as to which would be theoretical\'2Fpractical in nature. It is claimed that students will be given a fair workload and over-assessment will be avoided. However according to the module outlines students will be expected to submit homework on a regular basis\'2C assignments on a weekly basis\'2C class tests \'28no indication how many\'29\'2C mid-year examination and then final examination. The number of assessment tasks required in a module will range from a minimum of two to a maximum of five\'2C which contradicts what is indicated in module outlines.\line \line The assessment schedule should also be provided in the module outline. The outline however indicates assessment task\'2C description\'2C weight and guides such as every second week\'2C September\'2C due Friday November. There is no indication of the number of assessments and so on. Some mention is made of validity in assessment but no policy indicated exactly the processes the Institution follows to validate the assessment and recording of results process. \line \line According to the 2019 Internal and External Moderation Policy\'2C the exit level modules will be externally moderated on an annual basis\'2C which should not amount to less than 50\'25 of the total credits of the final year. \line \line Lecturers are expected to keep record of marks and then publish the formative assessment results for each module on the last day of classes. Only after the examinations have been completed\'2C are lecturers expected to present marks on a final grade sheet to the Registrar who captures the data onto the system. No indication was given on how the Institution officially publishes results for students. \line \line The Certification Arrangement Policy is not sufficient for HE. Lecturers submit marked and externally moderated scripts to the office of the VP\'3A Academic Administration for monitoring and storage. \line \line The list of JSTOR sources for academics does not contain any IT related books. The Pieter Wessel library subscribes to the EBSCOHost academic search engine. The Institution has 2 computer lecture laboratories\'2C a large work laboratory\'2C class rooms and offices. Students have access to email and internet in the computer laboratory. All students are given email accounts free of charge with 800 Mbytes per month bandwidth quota. There is a total of 40 computers in the work laboratory and 36 in the main lecture laboratory.  \line \line The students in this programme will have exclusive use in the computer workroom with at least 10 computers to assemble computers\'2C install and manage printers. Students will have access to PC\'27s in the library\'2C but the institution did not indicate how many PC\'27s are available for students to use in the College. The uploaded library document only contains the budget for the institution which apparently incorporates the budget for the library. The budget for library resources for this new programme is not sufficient. The status of the legal compliance audit document is not clear.\line \line The budget for development of new learning material in the Higher Certificate does not include any computers for staff members. \line Given the numerous concerns that have been identified\'2C the programme is not recommended for accreditation.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Computer and Information Science. \'28140 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  1. The programme design has various critical design weaknesses in terms of the following\'3A\line - There is a lack of clarity on the sequencing of the modules\'2C and the role of the co- and pre-requisites in the curriculum \line -      There is a lack of clarity on the distinction between the core and fundamental modules\line - The module credits and the total credit values are problematic\line - The rules of combination in the programme have not been provided \line - There is no alignment between the modules and the programme outcomes\line -      The module names used in the different sections of the application differ\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  2. The Institution has not clarified the WIL component in terms of the nature of the  knowledge content and how its application is planned\'2C how student placement will occur\'2C the sufficiency of the duration of WIL and the grading that will be conducted.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1\'2C 5 and 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  3. The Institution did not provide details on the resources and the ICT books available in the library. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  4. The Institution did not indicate which books would be prescribed and which books would be recommended text books. In the booklist it is however indicated that manuals developed by CPUT will be used.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  5. The workload for staff members is unrealistic\'2C especially when they are expected to also do research and publish and also teach in subjects that are not their specialisation. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  6. The Institution does not have sufficient staff members who have the relevant qualifications and experience to offer this programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  7. The Teaching and Learning Strategy will not prepare students for higher education and it reflects NQF level 4 teaching and learning practices. Furthermore\'2C the vocational nature of the programme is not reflected in the strategy.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  8. The Assessment Policy does not cover assessment procedures or principles relating to formative and summative assessments.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  9. The Institution did not provide details on its Moodle Learning Management System as well as its record keeping system. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 10. The Certification Policy is not sufficient for the securing certification of this programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 11. The naming convention of the programme could not be verified on the SAQA website. Information Science is something different to Information Systems. The Institution should consider changing it to Information Systems instead of Information Science. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1- 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line The Institution needs to re-work the conditions of employment\'2C employment equity\'2C as well as procedure for appointment of staff members documents because they do not meet the minimum requirements.\line - The submitted documentation shows unfinished editorial work. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}