{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR064\'2FE030CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Exercise Teachers Academy\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Advanced Certificate in Coaching Science\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql eta College \'28CPT\'29\line WPCC Sports Centre\'2C \line Avenue de Mist\'2C \line Rondebosch\'2C \line Cape Town\'2C \line 7700\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Exercise Teachers Academy \'28ETA\'29 is a Private Higher Education Institution registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of an Advanced Certificate in Coaching Science which will be offered in a distance mode of delivery at the Cape Town\'2C eta College.\line \line ETA has also applied for accreditation of the following programmes which are still in process\'3A\line -Bachelor of Exercise in Sport and Leisure \'28Contact mode\'29\line -Bachelor of Exercise in Sport and Leisure  \'28Distance mode\'29 \line \line The Institution has the following programmes accredited\'3A\line - Bachelor of Management in Business and Sport Studies\line - Advanced Certificate in Sport\'2C Recreation and Fitness Management\line - Advanced Certificate in Fitness in Sport Conditioning\line - Advanced Certificate in Fitness for Special Populations\line - Higher Certificate in Sports Recreation and Fitness Management \line - Higher Certificate in Coaching Science\line - Higher Certificate in Fitness\line - Advanced Certificate in Fitness in Special Populations\line - Advanced Certificate in Sport\'2C Recreation and Fitness Management\line - Advanced Certificate in Coaching Science\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator states that the programme in terms of most of the criteria to be assessed do not meet the minimum requirements for accreditation except in terms of Criteria 8.  The evaluator recommended that the programme should not be accredited.\line \line The programme is in line with the mission of the Institution. The rationale for the programme is to meet the continuing growth of the sport sector\'2C to address the increasing need for specialisation in the sport coaching sector\'2C and to enhance the professional requirements of sport coaches. \line \line The proposed curriculum is made up of the following 6 core modules\'3A \'281\'29 Sport Development\'3B \'282\'29 Advanced Coaching Science\'3B \'283\'29 Advanced Coaching Skills\'3B \'284\'29 Coaching Management\'3B \'285\'29 Coaching Capstone Project\'3B and \'286\'29 Coaching a Specific Sport \'28Cricket\'2C football\'2C hockey\'2C netball or rugby\'29. \line \line The qualification can articulate horizontally with equivalent sport qualifications\'2C such as the Diploma in Sport and Exercise \'28NQF level 6\'29\'2C and vertically with the Bachelor of Exercise degree at NQF level 7. The evaluator is of the view that the institution needs to indicate the exact number of hours required for practical training\'2C the resource and equipment requirements and costs for the distance learning students\'2C the process of placements of students in remote locations and associated travel costs\'2C the process of skill acquisition and assessment in the workplace\'2C and the qualifications and experience of the supervisors in the workplace. The Institution also needs to put in place agreements with work-based learning partners for the distance learning students\'2C so that skills training is not done on an ad hoc basis\'2C as the need arises\'2C and both the Institution and the workplace can be held jointly accountable for fulfilling the work-based integrated learning to an acceptable standard. The Institution needs to evaluate suitable work-based sites well in advance of student placements in order to ensure that the work-based sites are suitable and able to offer credible exposure and training for students.\line \line The marketing materials\'2C brochures and prospectuses for the programme need to be fully informative about the resources needed especially by the distance learning students in order for them to cope with the online mode of delivery\'2C including PCs\'2C video and voice recording equipment\'2C access to the internet\'2C and access to technical equipment needed for the programme\'2C such as a tape measure\'2C a skinfold caliper\'2C a blood pressure meter\'2C an exercise mat\'2C a stretch board\'2C a metronome and a stopwatch. In addition\'2C the financial costs of these resources needs to be clearly spelt out for the distance learning students. Student admission into the programme is based on the successful completion of a Higher Certificate at NQF level 5\'2C such as the Higher Certificate in Coaching Science \'28HCCS\'29\'2C or a National Certificate in a cognate field at NQF level 5. Candidates must meet the minimum student admission criteria whether by conventional academic pathways\'2C RPL \'28for mature-age applicants\'29 or CAT. The Institution is mindful not to exceed the infrastructural capacity in order to ensure that it delivers quality teaching and learning. Based on the Institution\'27s online capacity\'2C the initial enrolments to the programme are anticipated at initially 60 students to 120 students in the subsequent years\'2C but there is no maximum number of students stated by the Institution in order to ensure that the students get good quality education.\line \line The Institution has 3 full-time staff members employed who have the proper academic qualifications \'28all have undergraduate degrees\'29 and teaching experience to offer the programme. However\'2C the Programme Coordinator is also responsible for teaching three \'283\'29 of the six \'286\'29 modules on the programme\'2C not to mention the other possible administrative and academic responsibilities this employee may have. The CV for the Programme Coordinator is the only one made available in the application\'2C with none for any of the others presented. When students are placed in the workplace for practical training\'2C the institution does not indicate the qualifications required by the workplace supervisors or their years of experience in order to properly supervise students-in-training. It is unclear whether the current staff members\'2C both academic and support\'2C employed by the Institution will be adequate and suitable to ensure that all activities related to the distance learning programme can be carried out effectively\'2C especially considering that this is a more resource- and labor-intensive programme. Because of the excessive workload allocation of the Programme Coordinator in the programme\'2C the Institution needs to give a precise breakdown for the workload distribution of staff members on this programme\'2C as well as their broader functions on other programmes offered by the institution. \line \line The Teaching and Learning Strategy is about a combination of theoretical and applied learning with authentic practice in work-simulated and vocationally-based contexts. This teaching approach ensures that students are exposed to the knowledge of their discipline\'2C while they learn how to be practitioners. It is claimed that this will ensure that the students are ready for employment or private business once qualified. The teaching and learning approach of the institution is one of guided\'2C independent\'2C outcomes-based learning within a blended teaching and learning environment. \line \line The distance learning mode is developed with minimal face-to-face activity\'2C except for practical sessions on-site or in allocated workplaces that will provide for practical learning and face-to-face tutoring. Interactions with administrative and academic staff members will be digital and online. A range of technologies will be used in order to ensure teaching and facilitation of learning\'2C with regular interaction with students to support and encourage learning. Students will be provided with a digital copy of their learning materials.\line \line The learning activities include webinars\'2C online and interactive quizzes\'2C interactive videos\'2C Skype one-on-one sessions\'2C using applications such as Padlet or Lino-it\'2C as well as online\'2C formative and summative assessment. Learning and assessment is evidenced through uploaded video and vocal recordings of students\'27 work. Other examples include role plays\'2C where students show their ability to screen and assess a participant and give advice on the outcomes. They also carry out fitness tests\'2C demonstrating their understanding of a range of tests\'2C along with their ability to select and conduct relevant tests\'2C and provide feedback on results. \line \line For practical learning\'2C students will be provided with log books that guide students through the practical learning activities. The practical learning takes place at various sites throughout South Africa or at designated work sites with which the institution has a workplace agreement. Students are required to perform specific practical tasks to show their procedural and applied knowledge capabilities. This is then signed off by the staff member on-site or by the workplace supervisor. According to the evaluator\'2C there is no explanation of how the distance learning students are supposed to complete the written formative and summative assessments online\'2C or how the staff-based evaluations will be done using the distance learning mode of delivery.\line \line Assessment on the programme consists of a range of formative and summative activities. Assessment occurs throughout the programme with final assessments on completion of modules or the entire programme\'2C and according to the programme timetable. Knowledge is assessed through continuous class tests\'2C semester examination s and assignments.  However\'2C there is no explanation of how the distance learning students are supposed to complete the written formative and summative assessments online\'2C or how the staff- members based evaluations will be done using the distance learning mode of delivery. Reports are generated and used by faculty and students to evaluate progress. Once captured\'2C results are monitored at a regional and a national level through the Student Information System. This is used to compare and contrast overall results per group and to contrast results across regions. This is important for moderation purposes. Second attempt submissions are scheduled for students performing below the required pass mark per module.\line \line In terms of facilities\'2C this is a distance learning online programme. Therefore\'2C the facility needed is the online platform\'2C while students will need a laptop\'2C tablet\'2C smartphone or any other internet-enabled device. A recording device\'2C such as a smartphone\'2C is needed for the recording of evidence for assessments\'2C which is not explicitly stated in the brochures for the distance learning students. Students need access to a school\'2C park\'2C club or any recreational area with a field for the practical section of the course. Of concern is the fact that the Institution indicates that it only provides guidance and support to the distance learning students should they require access to equipment and facilities. Each student will receive access to their prescribed textbook in an eBook format through EBSCO host or purchased through amazon or Bookboon. Each student\'27s academic pack will include a study-guide\'2C specific to the programme\'2C with information regarding the recommended reading list that is available in the online library through EBSCO Host and Bookboon. Distance learning students are required to obtain their own fitness testing equipment to conduct assessments in their role plays\'2C which does not appear to be the case for the full-contact students. More importantly\'2C some of the practical learning activities cannot be done through the online mode but need to have some face-to-face contact in order to develop manual skill proficiency and consistency\'2C before students can proceed to work-based activities.\line \line The Student Information System \'28SIS\'29 is named Campus on Cloud \'28CoC\'29 and is a licensed cloud-based application that is hosted on Microsoft Azure and uses a central SQL relational database. Each user at each site of delivery has a username and password access to the system\'2C and SIS is centrally designed\'2C managed and administered at the National office by the IS Manager and an outside consultant company\'2C OpenCollab. Thus\'2C the system interfaces with the institution\'27s central Management information system \'28MIS\'29. Administrators only have administration functions linked to their codes\'2C while academics only have academic functions. The public does not have access to the system. Students receive progress reports and an end-of-programme final transcript of results from this system.\line \line The academic management team at CAD and their specific subject matter experts \'28SMEs\'29 are responsible for the academic content and curricula design. Distance learning is managed by one department within the institution that is responsible for special projects and distance learning. The Institution\'27s quality assurance systems apply to all departments\'2C including Distance Learning \'28DL\'29. Because the programme is offered via DL mode\'2C there will be specific staff member training in terms of digital teaching technologies\'2C the online learning management system\'2C and the management of students in an online learning environment. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Advanced Certificate in Coaching Science \'28120 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. The Institution has not submitted evidence that there are agreements in place with work-based learning partners for the distance learning students for this programme\'2C so that skills training is not done on an ad hoc basis\'2C as the need arises\'2C and both the Institution and the workplace can be held jointly accountable for fulfilling the work-based integrated learning to an acceptable standard.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1 and 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The Institution has not provided evidence that clearly indicates in the marketing materials\'2C brochures and prospectuses the need to be fully informative about the resources needed especially by the distance learning students in order for them to cope with the online mode of delivery\'2C including PCs\'2C video and voice recording equipment\'2C access to the internet\'2C and access to technical equipment needed for the programme\'2C such as a tape measure\'2C a skinfold caliper\'2C a blood pressure meter\'2C an exercise mat\'2C a stretch board\'2C a metronome and a stopwatch. In addition\'2C the financial costs of these resources have not been clearly spelt out for the distance learning students. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. There is no explanation of how the distance learning students are supposed to complete the written formative and summative assessments online\'2C or how the staff-based evaluations will be done using the distance learning mode of delivery.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. The Institution has not demonstrated that it has the capacity in terms of the required staff members to teach and supervise the distance learning students. Furthermore\'2C a precise breakdown for the workload distribution of staff members on this programme\'2C as well as their broader functions on other programmes offered by the Institution has not been provided.The Institution needs to be explicit about exactly what the staff and tutor supervision and support will entail in terms of communication\'2C teaching and learning\'2C practical training and assessment.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3 and 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. Some of the practical learning activities cannot be done through the online mode but need to have some face-to-face contact in order to develop manual skill proficiency and consistency\'2C before students can proceed to work-based activities.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 6. The Programme Coordinator is responsible for teaching three \'283\'29 of the six \'286\'29 modules on the programme. The CVs for the identified\'2Fappointed lecturers have not been uploaded.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}