{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR290\'2FE041CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Milpark Education \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Arts\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Milpark Education \line Corner Landau Terrace and Main Rd East\line Melville \'28ext 2\'29\line Johannesburg\line 2007\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Milpark Education is a private higher education institution that is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has programmes that are accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is currently applying for accreditation of a Bachelor of Arts programme which will be offered in the distance mode of delivery at the Melville\'2C Main Campus. \line \line The Institution has also applied for accreditation of the same programme to be offered in the contact mode of delivery. \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator indicated that the programme in terms of Criteria 3 and 4 does not comply with the minimum requirements for accreditation\'2C while the programme in terms of Criteria 1\'2C 5\'2C 6\'2C 7 and C needs improvement. However\'2C since some of the criteria deemed to be in need of improvement may actually be construed as failing to comply\'2C the evaluator\'27s decision to accredit with conditions is reviewed to a decision not to accredit\'2C given the scope of adjustments required for this programme to comply with the minimum programme accreditation criteria particularly with regard to Criterion 1.\line \line This three-year BA General programme is intended to prepare students for different professions in the public service and business world. However\'2C the Institution did not provide sufficient evidence to demonstrate that the programme is aligned with the institutional mission\'2C that it has adequately considered possibilities of articulation within and across institutions that progressive learning is in line with HEQSF requirements.\line \line The Institution specializes\'2C as per its institutional mission\'2C in the \'22provision of qualifications in the fields of General Management\'2C Business Administration and Business Leadership\'22. With the BA \'28General\'29 degree\'2C the Institution \'22aims to offer students the opportunity to prepare for a number of different professions in the public service and the business world\'22. It intends to expand these fields by offering a qualification within the Liberal Arts and Humanities context requires that it demonstrates the expansion of its institutional mission to include this qualification\'2C beyond its broad scope of empowering Africa through education. It is not clear how the introduction of BA Gen has been approved by the relevant institutional structures. \line \line The programme comprises 360 credits over 3 years\'2C with 120 credits for each year and meets the technical and minimum requirements of the HEQSF. This is a distance education programme and is largely dependent upon independent self-study \'2852\'25\'29. The attached study guides should have contained information on specifically designing learning materials for self-study using distance learning mode.\line \line Students are required to do compulsory and elective modules from a prescribed set to complete their BA \'28General\'29 degree. The compulsory modules for each of the three years add up to 80 credits with students choosing the remaining 40 credits. The compulsory courses demonstrate progression of learning in Philosophy and Politics and Government over three years. Progression apart from the majors is not evident in the degree structure provided. At NQF level 6 in the programme\'2C there is no adequate academic support to reflect that level of learning. \line \line The curriculum is designed to provide students with knowledge in Politics and Government\'2C Philosophy\'2C aspects of Psychology and Leadership for example but does not provide adequate theoretical support to demonstrate how such diverse disciplines together prepare students for the educational purposes outlined. \line \line The possibilities of horizontal and vertical articulation within and across the institution must be substantiated. Articulation into a PG Diploma or an Honours programme without supporting evidence is not sufficient. Addressing articulation with other institutions would also have helped in establishing benchmarks for articulation for example. The choice of different disciplines is perhaps pointing to inter-disciplinarity but it is not demonstrated how this will be achieved and how this will enrich students\'27 studies\'3F\line \line Students interested in enrolling for this programme will be targeted using the Milpark social media pages and data bases\'2C road shows\'2C as well as radio and television advertising. The Student admission criteria is aligned to current national legislation where matriculants must have obtained an APS of 24 or more and with 50\'25 or more for English. Non-South African school-leaving certificates must qualify for a matriculation exemption. The possibility of access using the RPL route exists\'2C provided interested students comply with the RPL Criteria.\line \line The Institution provided the CVs of staff members engaged in the programme\'2C 6 full-time and 4 part-time positions are allocated to this programme. From the CVs submitted\'2C the range of disciplinary expertise of the academic staff members are wide and range from Theology\'2C Psychology\'2C and Public Administration to Political Sciences. The age distribution of academic staff members is a fair mix of young and retired persons and show research experience in their different areas. Relevant experience of academic staff members ranges from teaching to industry related experiences. There is however a concern regarding the coordinator of the programme. According to the uploaded CV\'2C the identified person is employed at the University of Stellenbosch since 2007 and as Full Professor since 2016.  The Institution must provide evidence to indicate the status of the coordinator and his employment status as well. \line \line Though the academic cohort typically holds degrees higher than NQF level 7 qualifications\'2C there is not sufficient evidence that all the academic staff members are competent in assessment. While Milpark demonstrates that facilities and opportunities to enhance the teaching and learning skills of staff members are available\'2C it needs to show how academics in need of such training on this particular programme would be accommodated.\line \line The recruitment and employment of staff members on the programme are in line with the relevant labour legislation. It acknowledges in recruiting a demographically representative staff cohort which it argues should improve with skills shortages in the required areas addressed.\line \line According to the Institution\'2C the staff complement described as \'27academic administrators and assistants\'27 are at an appropriate level to ensure delivery of the programme. A concern exists regarding the Institution\'27s interpretation of \'27adequate\'27 and \'27sufficient\'27. As per minimum requirements 4.i \'26 4.ii\'2C the staff member to student ratio and the ratio of full-time to part-time staff members is determined in relation to the number of enrolled students and the demands and requirements of the teaching and learning and research. The approximate information indicating the availability of staff across the institution does not suffice\'2C and claims of swift appointment that could be made\'2C does not indicate firm plans. The projected student intake over the three years needs to be matched with corresponding an academic and support staff cohort needed to establish and offer the programme.\line \line The diverse qualifications of the academic staff members as witnessed on the CVs provides a diversity of approaches. However\'2C it is a question whether such diversity is commensurate with similar programmes offered at public higher education institutions.  Information relating to Criteria 4 on staffing requires concrete information that demonstrates that the teaching and learning and support functions to successfully ensure the delivery of this programme is assured\'2C but this was not provided.\line \line The Teaching and Learning Strategy is line with placing student learning at the centre of its strategy. The strategy is based on independent self-study yet provides students opportunity for self-assessment and discussion using a case-based study approach. According to the Institution\'2C the Programme Coordinator assigned would be responsible for monitoring student progress using the myMilpark student system. This would assist in identifying poor performing students and engage remedial process as required. This is an adequate mechanism to monitor and address student performance but the status of the Programme Coordinator needs clarification.\line \line The Teaching and Learning Strategy for this programme has mechanisms in place to monitor student progress. It uses a tutor service to assist students during their studies. This mechanism allows students to consult with tutors should they need help with assigned work. Concerns related to the monitoring of student performance by a Programme Director that is not full-time is a concern to be addressed by the Institution.\line \line The Institution has mechanisms in place to deal with student concerns related to the self-study and online environment. The institution indicated that upon approval of this programme by the HEQC\'2C it will embark on refining its delivery and programme design strategies\'3B however\'2C in the process the Institution did not provide sufficient information related to the programme design necessary for the Directorate and the HEQC to evaluate the programme. \line \line The Institution has appropriate policies and procedures in place to regulate internal and external assessment tasks. The programme uses a mix of formative and summative techniques to conduct assessment. At the undergraduate level\'2C these can be in the format of self-assessment that allows students to measure their degree of competence in the programme as well as prepare them for the summative assessment through a mock examination preparation.\line \line Assessment tasks will be moderated internally and students are provided with comprehensive feedback. Internal examiners also have the opportunity to improve and enhance their assessment skills. Feedback on the assessment provided to students is designed to promote student confidence in learning. Assessment tasks thus form an integral part of monitoring student performance.\line \line Though the Institution has reliable internal and external assessment moderation practices\'2C it failed to provide sufficient information related to the security and processing of examination results. Despite its detailed assessment system that provides model answers to students\'2C there is not enough information on how disputed might be handled.The Directorate notes that the Institution has been offering higher education programmes for a while now\'2C so these systems should be in place.\line \line Students enrolled for this programme are assumed to be in full-time employment and also have access to a personal computer. Where needed\'2C the Institution is prepared to recommend additional access to a computer and other facilities at work. Students would also have access to online library facilities. Students are expected to purchase the prescribed texts but all additional reading and consulting resources would be made available. The Institution provided details of IT infrastructure in terms of hardware and software available to students and staff members and which includes access to Sabinet\'2C EBSCOhost\'2C ProQuest and Cyberlibris.\line \line The Institution indicated that all core materials needed for the programme would be supplied to the students upon registration. The total library budget including extension of holdings and subscriptions to existing services for the 2018 academic year totaled R1.36 million. Library and support staff members are sufficiently qualified.\line \line The programmes is reported to have at least one dedicated administrator to deal with students and staff queries relating to registration\'2C application\'2C materials delivery and so forth. The programme information system is managed by a dedicated in-house IT team and addresses the needs of student and staff. It maintains manual records of the registration system and allows students to contact the Institution using the online system\'2C via telephone\'2C email or through face-to-face interaction.\line \line Milpark\'27s online distance learning \'28ODL\'29 programmes are structured and use online small classes led by a trained academic in ODL to lead group discussions\'2C develop student understanding of course material. For this particular programme\'2C video recordings and smartboard will be used. Tutorials for this programme are interactive and students and tutors will interact on prepared material. To ensure smooth delivery of online interaction\'2C Milpark uses the Moodle based Milpark VLE platform.\line \line The Institution has appropriate policies and procedures in place to assure monitoring of teaching and learning through distance learning. The different features of this process include ensuring that materials students use\'2C are relevant\'2C reviewed and revised and feedback incorporated. A Tuition Committee is responsible for the implementation of programme monitoring\'2C evaluation and improvement.\line \line It should be noted that the Institution has submitted a virtually identical application for offering the same programme via the contact learning mode - which will put additional strain on staffing and resources.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Arts \'28360 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. The Institution did not demonstrate that the original vision\'2C mission and goals of the Institution that concentrated on educating students in the fields of General Management\'2C and Business Administration and Leadership have been expanded to include Humanities qualifications and that appropriate structures and resources to support the degree are in place.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The Institution did not demonstrate that the design of the programme\'2C the theoretical knowledge and skills are all sufficiently covered to ensure that graduates of this programme benefit from the educational purposes of the programme. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. The Institution did not demonstrate that the progression rules in the programme design align with the learning outcomes and the complexity of the degree.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. The Institution did not demonstrate that the learning material is designed to optimize self-study through distance learning.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. The Institution did not provide evidence to demonstrate that the academic staff members are sufficiently competent to apply the assessment requirements as needed in this distance education programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 6. The information on the Programme Coordinator is not satisfactory as it is mentioned that the identified individual is employed at another Institution.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 3\'2C 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 7. The Institution did not provide evidence to demonstrate that it has the capacity to offer the programme through distance learning and that the proper planning regarding sustainable staffing this programme is in place\'2C nor provided assurance that it is in accordance with acceptable student\'3A staff ratios.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 8. The possibilities of horizontal and vertical articulation within and across the institution have not been substantiated.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}