{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR788\'2FE001CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql DT Nursing Institute Ixopo\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Nursing\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql DT Nursing Institute Ixopo Cam\line ST Mary\'27s Seminary \line sub 11 of 6 of the farm \line Ixopo No. 3840\line \line DT Nursing Institute Durban Sub Campus\line 286 Umbilo Road\line Durban\line 4000\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The DT Nursing Institute is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes that are accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Diploma in Nursing programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 19th \'E2\'80\'93 21st November 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 14th of February 2019.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. The design of the programme has critical design weaknesses in terms of the following\'3A \line - The levels at which some modules are pitched is problematic\'2C for example\'2C the Health Information System module at first and second year has been pitched at NQF Level 6 and the Biomedical Sciences and Psychology for the second year of study is at NQF Level 5 \line - There is no evidence of the clinical outcomes students must achieve during clinical practice. A workbook or portfolio requirements must be provided. \line - There are inconsistencies on the application form \'28e.g. programme is a yearlong \'E2\'80\'93 versus three-year qualification\'29. \line - Curriculum information on the application form\'2C is also inconsistent with the module descriptors\'2C the SAQA document and the Teaching and Learning Policy document \'28e.g. module names and credit values differ\'29. \line - The Module descriptors document makes reference to the requirements for auxiliary nurses \'28vs. staff nurse\'29. \line - There is a misalignment between the rationale and the outcomes e.g. \'E2\'80\'9CThis module enables the learner to apply knowledge of Pharmacodynamics and Pharmacokinetics\'E2\'80\'9D but the outcomes are that \'E2\'80\'9Cthe student will be able to discuss drugs\'2F\'E2\'80\'9D role of staff nurse\'E2\'80\'9D.\line \line 2. The Institution has not made the vertical and horizontal articulation opportunities from the programme explicit.\line \line 3. The Institution has not provided evidence regarding SANC approval of the programme.\line \line 4. The Institution has not provided evidence of sufficient clinical placements for the students\'27 clinical credit requirements. A number of the placement documents refer to placements for the higher certificate\'2F diploma in midwifery\'2FR683. The Institution failed to provide agreements with accredited health care facilities as required by Reg173. A proposed placement plan is missing.\line \line 5. The Institution has not demonstrated that the number of qualified staff members on each of the campuses are adequate for meeting the needs of the programme\'2C specifically for providing student support\'2C counseling\'2C and clinical accompaniment. Furthermore\'2C the Institution has not provided a policy on structured student support services.\line \line 6. The Institution has not clarified the teaching strategy or how the appropriateness of teaching qualification and learning methods will be ensured\'2C or what provision will be made for staff members to develop their teaching skills. In addition\'2C the Teaching and Learning Policy fails to articulate a clear Teaching and Learning Strategy that reflects the Institutional mission.\line \line 7. The Assessment Policy and the RPL Policy lack detail indicating the implementation of acceptable practices and these also do not meet the R171 qualification requirements.\line \line 8. The Certification Policy lacks detail to make it implementable.\line \line 9. It is not evident that the library budgets and resources are adequate. Moreover\'2C no specific budget for programme development activities and support has been provided. The submitted list of specialised equipment available on each of the two campuses are insufficient for the needs of a Diploma programme in Nursing.\line \line 10. The Institution has not clarified the existence of a backup system for the Students Management System.\line \line NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A \line The Institution should ensure that the name of the programme is HEQSF aligned and is referred to as the Diploma in Nursing.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the original application made\'2C the first evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report\'2C the HEQC recommendation not to accredit the programme and the representations made by the Institution and came to the recommendation that the programme should not be accredited. The evaluator argued that for most of the aspects the Institution had a chance to represent their application\'2C the evidence supplied was either not applicable or insufficient.\line \line In the recommendation made by the HEQC it was stated that the design of the programme had critical design weaknesses. With regard to the structure of the programme\'2C the Institution corrected the NQF levels of the Diploma but now all three years of study are pitched at NQF Level 6. There is no progression from NQF Level 5 to Level 6. As the students exit school at NQF Level 4\'2C educationally\'2C the Diploma should have NQF Level 5 modules in the first year.  According to the representation\'2C clinical learning outcomes have been developed for all three years but only the information for the second year has been uploaded. The clinical workbook for the second year has also been uploaded. There is a concern however\'2C that the integration of the theory and practice is at-risk with this approach.\line \line The HEQC recommendation stated that the Institution has not indicated the vertical and horizontal articulation opportunities from the programme explicit. Th evaluator finds that the articulation opportunities have now been stated according to the SANC approved SAQA document. The Institution also had to submit evidence regarding SANC approval of the programme.  In its response a letter of Endorsement from SANC has been made available which is dated 10 December 2015. It should be noted that the current understanding of the requirement of the SANC endorsement letter as explained by SANC is that the letter is an acknowledgement of the intention to offer the programme and not for the approval of the programme by the professional body. In this case the submitted letter is very dated.\line \line Another concern raised by the HEQC stated that the Institution had not provided evidence of sufficient clinical placements for the students\'27 clinical credit requirements. A number of the placement documents refer to placements for the Higher Certificate\'2F Diploma in Midwifery\'2FR683. In its response\'2C no evidence of sufficient clinical placements for the Diploma students has been provided. According to the representation\'2C a request was made to the KZN Department of Health but because they were waiting for the guidelines related to Nursing Training and Education\'2C there was no response. Though the guidelines are currently available\'2C the Institution has not yet received a response. To date\'2C the Institution is unable to provide updated situation analyses\'2C MOUs or a proposed student placement plan. \line \line The HEQC recommendation stated that the Institution had not demonstrated that the number of qualified staff members on each of the campuses are adequate for meeting the needs of the programme\'2C specifically for providing student support\'2C counseling\'2C and clinical accompaniment.  According to the representation\'2C the same three educators are allocated to all three years of the Diploma. Furthermore\'2C the Institution had not provided a policy on structured student support services. According to the original application\'2C two campuses will offer the Diploma. The representation only offers additional information for the Durban Campus\'2C no additional information has been provided for the Ixopo campus. According to the representation\'2C the Durban campus has eight educators of whom two are managers\'2C three are lecturers and three are allocated to clinical facilitation. The number of lecturers and clinical facilitators are not sufficient for a three-year programme planned for higher education. \line \line The Institution was informed that it had not clarified the teaching strategy or how the appropriateness of teaching qualification and learning methods will be ensured\'2C or what provision will be made for staff members to develop their teaching skills. The teaching methods listed in the representation include traditional discussions\'2C peer group learning\'2C guiding\'2C mediating\'2C storytelling in addition to lecturing. There is also a statement of concern namely that the student takes ownership of the learning programme and therefore will direct the pace. This is not viable as this is a full-time three year Diploma with many outcomes to achieve. The Teaching and Learning Policy does not articulate a clear strategy that reflects the institutional mission. The principles and aspiration section focus on student learning\'2C WIL\'2C learning guides\'2C and a definition of academic development and support. \line \line The HEQC recommendation stated that the Assessment Policy and the RPL Policy lacked detail indicating the implementation of acceptable practices and these also did not meet the R171 qualification requirements. As a response a revised Assessment Policy has been provided. A concern is that the assessment of WIL is described in five bullet points\'2C each one sentence. The impression gained is that of a lack of clarity of the WIL related assessment requirements of Reg. 171.  \line \line In terms of the reason concerning the library budgets and resources\'2C the representation did not provide any information regarding the library budget for both campuses. It just states that the library has been updated. No further information has been provided. In terms of other library resources\'2C the library has five computers and seating for 20 students for a planned intake of 50 students. No details per campus have been provided. For the Durban campus specialised equipment for the Diploma has been provided\'2C but it is not sufficient for a Diploma on a higher education level. The list consists of only 16 items with 1 or 2 of each available. \line \line The evaluator is of the view that the Institution has not addressed the concerns that were identified by the HEQC for non-accreditation despite additional information being provided and should not be accredited.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Nursing \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. The information provided by the Institution did not address the concerns originally identified as reasons for non-accreditation regarding the provision of clear evidence on key aspects of the programme such as its delivery\'2C the staff members and resources available to support the offering of the programme. All three years of study are pitched at NQF Level 6. There is no evidence of learning progression from NQF Level 5 to Level 6. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The learning outcomes have been developed per type of ward the student will be placed in for their WIL learning outcomes\'2C not according to the modules in the curriculum. There is no evidence of the balancing of the theoretic and practical components in the formulation of the learning outcomes for application in the clinical setting.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. No evidence of sufficient clinical placements for the Diploma students has been provided.  There is also a statement of concern namely that the student takes ownership of the learning programme and therefore will direct the pace which is not viable on a programme of this nature. The Institution should to take responsibility for and provide evidence of student placement by establishing direct relationships with the possible workplaces and ensure that the mentoring and the assessment of WIL is documented more stringently in the policies.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1 and 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. The Institution has not provided information regarding the library budget for both campuses. The library has five computers and seating for 20 students for a planned intake of 50 students. No per campus details have been provided. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1 and 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. The number of lecturers and clinical facilitators are not sufficient for a three-year Diploma programme offered in higher education.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 6. There is a lack of clarity regarding the WIL related assessment requirements of Reg. 171.  \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 7. For the Durban campus specialised equipment for the Diploma has been provided\'2C but it is not sufficient for a Diploma of this type and the envisaged student intake. The list consists of only 16 items with 1 or 2 of each available.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 8. The Institution has indicated that two campuses will offer the Diploma. The representation only offers additional information for the Durban Campus\'2C no additional information has been provided for the Ixopo campus.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}