{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 6th October 2020\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1142\'2FE010CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Pearson Institute of Higher Education\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Applied Biology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 01 \'2F Part-time\'3A 03\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Midrand Campus\line 44 Alsatian Road\line Glen Austin\'2C Extension 3\line Midrand 1685\line \line Bedfordview Campus\line 9 Concorde Road East Bedfordview\line \line Bloemfontein Campus \line 1st Floor Tourist Centre 60 Park Rd. Willows Bloemfontein 9301\line \line Cape Town Campus\line 11 Imam Haron \'28old Landsdowne\'29 Rd Brookside Building Claremont Cape Town\line \line Durban Campus \line 1 Lunar Row Umhlanga Ridge New Town Centre Umhlanga Durban\line \line Durbanville Campus \line Kaapzicht 9 Roger Street TYGERVALLEY 7530\line \line East London Campus \line 12 Stewart Drive Berea East London 5241\line \line Nelspruit Campus\line 50 Murray Street Nelspruit 1200\line \line Port Elizabeth Campus\line Building 4 Ascot Office Park Cnr. Ascot \'26 Conyngham Roads GREENACRES\'2C 6065\line \line Potchefstroom Campus\line 12 Esselen Street Cnr. Esselen Street \'26 Steve Biko Ave Die Bult POTCHEFSTROOM\'2C 2531\line \line Pretoria Campus \line Menlyn Learning Hub\'2C 22 Umgazi Street\'2C Ashlea Gardens\'2C Pretoria\'2C 0081\line \line Vanderbijlpark Campus\line Cnr. Rutherford Boulevard and Frikkie Meyer Boulevard Building 2 VANDERBIJLPARK\'2C 1911\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Pearson Institute of Higher Education \'28PIHE\'29 is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution and has programmes accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution was previously known as the Midrand Graduate Institute \'28MGI\'29. The programmes of MGI were accredited to PIHE\'2C following due process which included site visits. The CTI Education Group \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is also a subsidiary\'2C but continues to operate independently \'28cf. Register of Private Higher Education Institutions\'3B DHET\'2C 17 March 2020\'29.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for accreditation of the Higher Certificate in Applied Biology which will be offered in the contact mode at the following campuses\'3A\line - Bloemfontein \line - Midrand\line - Bedfordview\line - Claremont\'2C Cape Town \line - Durban\line - Durbanville\'2C Cape Town\line - East London\line - Nelspruit\line - Port Elizabeth\line - Potchefstroom\line - Pretoria\line - Vanderbijlpark.\line \line The Institution has also applied for accreditation of the Higher Certificate in Applied Chemistry and Higher Certificate in International Travel and Tourism\'2C as well as other programmes across different fields of study\'2C which are in process. \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The Higher Certificate programme comprises a total number of 120 credits at NQF level 5. The programme is aligned with the goals of the Institution and has been designed in consultation with stakeholders. The learning outcomes and assessment criteria for each module are clearly indicated in the document\'2C Applied Biology Units1\'2C with no mention of the assessment tasks and the weighting thereof. There is a lack of alignment between the application form and the attached document\'2C Applied Biology Units1\'2C with regard to the NQF level of the modules. According to the list of modules in the application form\'2C all modules are on Level 5\'3B in the attached Applied Biology Units1\'2C four of the modules are indicated as Level 4.\line \line The curriculum will achieve the intended outcomes of the programme by providing students with the fundamental concepts required to perform laboratory work with an appropriate level of theoretical knowledge. Whilst some of the modules indicate the development of practical skills and the module\'2C Laboratory Techniques\'2C involves practical applications of laboratory techniques\'2C there is a lack of clarity on time allocation for practical experimental work in the laboratory which does not appear to be included in the learning time.  \line \line There is a lack of alignment between the SAQA document and the online application relating to the number of assessments and the weighting thereof for each of the constituent modules. The programme design includes WIL and 15 credits have been allocated to this module. The Institution takes responsibility for the placement of students and the management of WIL is governed by a policy. The outcomes for\'2C and the monitoring and assessment of WIL\'2C are documented.  \line \line Whilst module guides and a course outline document are mentioned\'2C these documents are not described nor included in the application. The study guide is an important document for this programme considering that this qualification will be offered across 12 campuses. There are three prescribed textbooks for laboratory management. For the remaining modules\'2C open source publications will be used and\'2For resources will be compiled for the relevant modules. A list of publications should be included in the reading list. The Institution has identified opportunities for vertical articulation. The programme needs improvement regarding criterion 1. \line \line The admission requirements are aligned with current legislation and a range of marketing strategies are available.  Completion of this programmes widens access to the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s BSc programmes. The Institution also facilitates access for students whose mother-tongue is not English. The Institution\'E2\'80\'99s five-year enrolment plan proposes an intake of 80 students in the first year\'2C and a 30\'25 annual increase for the subsequent four years. This will have a bearing on infrastructure and resources on all the campuses. The programme meets the minimum standards for criterion 2. \line \line Each campus has an Academic Manager and\'2F or Campus Director to ensure that all academic processes run smoothly. In addition\'2C there is a National Academic Operations team to oversee all operations on each campus. The Institution states that the programme will have an academic programme coordinator and staff members involved who are at senior levels\'2C and the academic administrator\'2C technical support staff and other support staff will have a number of years of academic administration experience. In addition\'2C there is a work-integrated learning and laboratory manager who provides support to the programme. \line \line Provision is made for academic staff development and incentives are provided for all staff to improve their qualifications. \line Information is provided on ten staff members with relevant qualifications higher than the exit level of the programme \'28minimum MSc in applicable fields of Applied Biology\'29. One staff member has only one year of teaching experience and another has two years. The remaining staff all have more than two years\'27 teaching experience in a higher education institution. Details of allocated modules are included\'2C as well as the CV and responsibilities of the programme coordinator.  However\'2C it seems that these 11 people are responsible for all 12 sites of delivery across the country. The Institution has not clarified how it will ensure adequate staff on each campus in relation to its enrolment plan. The programme does not meet minimum standards in relation to criterion 3. \line \line The Institution has not provided information on how the mentioned twelve qualified and experienced staff members will manage provision across all 12 campuses. The Institution has a Policy for Staff Recruitment\'2C Selection and Development\'2C as well as an Equity Policy. Mechanisms and processes are in place to ensure that the recruitment\'2C selection and development of staff are compliant with the policies. Information has been provided on the relevant administrative and technical support staff and these are deemed to be adequate. Mechanisms are in place to identify poor quality of service and to address these as quickly as possible. The programme does not meet minimum standards in relation to criterion 4.\line \line The teaching and learning strategies are formative and supportive and the Institution provides development opportunities through smaller classes\'2C closer personal attention by lecturers\'2C consultation opportunities\'2C and other learning opportunities\'2C such as practical assignments and WIL. However\'2C in view of the lack of clarity on the provision of academic staff across all campuses across the country\'2C the Institution needs to provide information on how it plans to ensure that its teaching and learning strategy for this programme is implementable.\line \line Student academic support is provided and mechanisms are in place to monitor student progress\'2C identify and support students at-risk and provide feedback to students. Quality assurance processes are in place to monitor and evaluate the programme and to elicit feedback from students on their learning experiences\'2C including WIL. The programme needs improvement in relation to criterion 5.\line \line The assessment strategy makes provision for formative and summative assessment which are weighted 40\'25 and 60\'25\'2C respectively. There is a lack of alignment between the SAQA document and the online application regarding the number of assessment activities and the weighting thereof. Opportunities are provided for staff development relating to assessment.  Mechanisms are in place for students to request re-marking of assessments and dispute assessment results. An appeals process is in place. Plagiarism is addressed via Turnitin. The programme needs improvement relating to criterion 6. \line \line The Institution currently has\'2C on each of the twelve campuses\'2C fully equipped venues where teaching and learning is facilitated\'2C a library with study facilities and separate study centres\'2C lecture venues \'284 to 132 to accommodate 120 to 5 000 students on the different campuses\'29\'2C computer laboratories\'2C an employability centre and multimedia rooms.\line \line According to brief information provided by the Institution\'2C additional specialised equipment and General Biology related equipment will be required. Whilst the Institution states that Science laboratories will be created on all campuses\'2C except for Midrand campus since laboratories are currently available there\'2C it has not provided a comprehensive plan with associated timelines. Financial provision has been made for the development of the laboratories\'2C however\'2C clarity is needed on the adequacy of the allocated funds in relation to the identified need for an additional laboratory on each campus.  \line \line The Institution has an academic management system\'2C which includes all the necessary information fields and LMS which uses the Moodle platform. The health and safety compliance certificate has been provided. Computer laboratories and computers are provided on each site. All students have free access to on-campus library facilities\'2C as well as internet facilities in the library.  Students are familiarised with the library and associated facilities during induction. All prescribed textbooks\'2C recommended readings and periodicals are kept in the library and updated as and when necessary. Funds are budgeted each year to increase library holdings. Networked computers are provided in the library as well as a photocopying machine and printers. The policy for internet and library access includes details of how training is provided to both staff and students in IT and usage of the library and other resource facilities. The Financial Plan includes maintenance and upgrade of infrastructure and equipment. The programme needs improvement relating to criterion 7.\line \line The Institution has strong administrative support departments and employs librarians\'2Flibrary assistants and computer specialists who are responsible for overseeing the management and maintenance of the library. A National Academic Operations team oversees all operations on each campus\'2C which includes publishing of DPs\'2C pass rates and throughput rates and communicating at-risk students by issuing reports. The Institution has a Policy of Certification and Issuing of Qualifications to ensure the integrity of the certification processes. The programme meets the minimum standards for criterion 8.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should be accredited with conditions.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Applied Biology \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The Institution must provide examples of module guides.  \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. The Institution should provide the list of open source publications that will be used for the programme. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 3. There is a lack of alignment between the application form and the uploaded document\'2C Applied Biology Units1\'2C with regard to the NQF level of the modules. This needs to be reviewed.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 4. The Institution must clarify the time allocation for practical experimental work in the laboratory which does not appear to be included in the learning time. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 5. There is a lack of alignment between the SAQA document and the online application relating to the number of assessments and the weighting thereof for each of the constituent modules. The information must be confirmed and the revised SAQA application should be submitted.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\'2C 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 6. The Institution must clarify how it will ensure adequate staff on each of its sites in relation to its enrolment plan. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\'2C 4\'2C 5\'2C 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 7. The Institution needs to provide information on how it plans to ensure that its teaching and learning strategy for this programme is implementable considering the lack of clarity on the provision of academic staff across all campuses.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 8. The Institution has not provided a plan with timeframes and costs per site of provision in relation to the proposed establishment of an additional laboratory on each of the sites.  \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}