{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 31st May 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH16\'2FE102CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Tshwane University of Technology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Health Science in Medical Orthotics and Prosthetics\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 480\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 530\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 4 \'2F Part-time\'3A 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Staatsartellerie Road\line PRETORIA WEST\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Tshwane University of Technology \'28TUT\'29 is a public higher education institution whose programmes have been accredited by the CHE and is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of Bachelor of Health Science in Medical Orthotics and Prosthetics programme which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery from the Pretoria\'2C Main Campus.\line \line During the HEQSF-alignment process\'2C the Institution submitted a National Diploma\'3A Medical Orthotics and Prosthetics \'28Old Curriculum\'29  \'28Contact\'2C Level 6\'2C minimum 360 Credits\'29\'2C National Diploma\'3A Medical Orthotics and Prosthetics \'28New Curriculum\'29 \'28Contact\'2C Level 6\'2C minimum 360 Credits\'29\'2C and Baccalaureus Technologiae\'3A Medical Orthotics and Prosthetics \'28Contact\'2C Level 7\'2C minimum 120 Credits\'29 which were designated as Category C programmes. \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line  The evaluator finds that the Institution meets all the minimum standards and recommends the programme be accredited with no conditions.  The evaluator finds that the programme is well-designed\'2C and that all the necessary arrangements are in place for the effective offering of the programme. The programme will replace the National Diploma in Medical Orthotics and Prosthetics and the BTech in Medical Orthotics and Prosthetics \line \line The proposed degree is aligned with the vision\'2C mission and goals of the Institution and will provide graduates with the skills to function as independent Orthotic and Prosthetic practitioners. The programme is credible and is comparable to programmes offered internationally. The programme meets the needs of the International Society of Prosthetics and Orthotics and was approved by the HPCSA. Graduates may register with the HPCSA as a Medical Orthotics and Prosthetics practitioner in the category Independent Practice.  \line \line Although the application indicates that there is no Work-Integrated Learning \'28WIL\'29\'2C the application refers to clinical practice with patients for three notional hours in the module Principles of Orthotics II\'2C eight notional hours in Principles of Prosthetics II\'2C 12 notional hours in Principles of Prosthetics III\'2C and 14 notional hours in Principles of Orthotics III.  In Orthotics and Prosthetics Practice II\'2C 152 and 38 notional hours are spent on clinical practice. Students will be placed in 28 accredited centres for clinical practice in final year which contributes 72 credits.  Memoranda of Agreement are already in place. Learning outcomes for WIL are clearly stated and are aligned with assessment criteria and methods. There is therefore a plan for WIL but it appears not to be part of the programme.  The evaluator notes that the Institution ought to indicate that Work-Integrated Learning is part of the curriculum as there is provision made for clinical practice. The Directorate notes the evaluator\'27s suggestion but does not support it as the application has provided this information on the role of clinical practice in the programme.\line \line The mode of delivery is contact learning in keeping with the type of programme.  The learning outcomes are clearly defined and are aligned to teaching and learning and assessment.  The rules of combination and progression are clearly defined\'2C and the programme develops ethical and professional behavior. The programme contains an appropriate depth of knowledge and will equip students with the skills needed to render meaningful service. The Teaching and Learning Policy establishes a student-centred approach and provides guidelines for the alignment of the programme. Constructive alignment\'2C coherence and progression are evident in the structure of the programme. All modules are compulsory. \line \line Vertical articulation into a Master\'3Fs Degree in Health Sciences or related field is possible. Horizontal articulation possibilities are limited\'2C but possible in other rehabilitation fields.  \line \line The promotional material is adequate and admission and selection adheres to the legislation and to the institutional policies and procedures. There are three phases\'3A administrative screening\'2C interviews and a dexterity test.  The criteria are clear and adhere to national legislation. Access will be provided to a diversity of students. RPL is provided for in line with policy. The proposed intake of 35 students per year is envisaged\'2C and the enrolments account for the teach-out of the Diploma and the BTech. The period of phasing out will be managed with the addition of two academic staff members.\line \line The Institution has appropriate policies in place to ensure that academic and support personnel are appropriately qualified and experienced to deliver the proposed programme and to ensure the continuous development of staff members. \line \line A variety of teaching strategies will be employed\'2C including lecturing\'2C demonstrations\'2C role play\'2C simulations\'2C peer evaluation and feedback\'2C group discussions and group assignments. Technology or media-based applications are used including a learner management system\'2C e-library sources\'2C computer-assisted instruction\'2C database applications\'2C multimedia applications\'2C and video and computer demonstrations.  Research knowledge and skills will be developed and a research project is completed in final year.  \line \line The module content and assessments align to learning outcomes\'2C and scaffolding is evident. Learning outcomes and assessment criteria will be communicated to students. Sound academic support is in place\'2C as well as a variety of support services including counselling\'2C study skills\'2C and specialist services for students with disabilities. Timely feedback will be provided on assessment and student progress is monitored. A departmental Teaching and Learning Committee oversees the curriculation of programmes\'2C learning material\'2C study guides\'2C teaching and learning\'2C and assessment practices. Students are constantly monitored and underperforming students are identified for personal consultations and individualized interventions are devised. \line \line Lecturers and programmes are evaluated and reviewed to ensure a relevant curriculum. An Advisory Board is in place\'2C consisting of members of the public\'2C professional bodies and other HEIs.  The assessment practices are aligned to the assessment policies and ensure fair\'2C valid and reliable assessment. A mix of assessment appropriate to the modules is used. These are aligned to the learning outcomes and to the teaching and learning methods for each module.  Timely feedback is provided on all formative assessments and there is discussion of memoranda and criteria for assessments.  Memoranda are available on the online platform. External moderation is in place. Policies govern the recording and publication of results\'2C appeals\'2C settling of disputes and plagiarism.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme be accredited\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Health Science in Medical Orthotics and Prosthetics \'28530 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}