{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR035\'2FE130CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql The Independent Institute of Education \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor Of Arts in Copywriting\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql IIE Vega\'2C Cape Town\line 130 Strand Street\line De Waterkant\line CAPE TOWN\line 8000\line \line \line IIE Vega\'2C Durban\line The Glades Office Park\line off Armstrong Avenue\line La Lucia Ridge\line DURBAN-NORTH\line \line IIE Vega\'2C Bordeaux\line 444 Jan Smuts Avenue\line BORDEAUX\line 2194\line \line IIE Vega\'2C Pretoria \line 34 Ingersol Road\line Erf 796\line Lynnwood Glen Township\line Tshwane\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Independent Institute of Education \'28IIE\'29 is a private higher education Institution registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and also has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Bachelor of Arts in Copywriting programme which will be offered in a contact mode of delivery at the following campuses\'3A\line - Cape Town\'2C IIE Vega\'2C Cape Town \line - Durban\'2C IIE Vega\'2C Durban\line - Randburg\'2C IIE Vega\'2C Bordeaux\line - Pretoria\'2C IIE Vega\'2C Pretoria\line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of a Bachelor of Arts.\line \line The Institution is accredited to offer the following programmes\'3A \line \line - Diploma in Integrated Brand Communication \line - Bachelor of Arts in Corporate Communication \line - Higher Certificate in Journalism \line - Diploma in Journalism Studies \line - Higher Certificate in Brand Building Practice \line - Master of Arts in Creative Brand Leadership \line - Bachelor of Arts in Strategic Brand Communication \line - Bachelor of Commerce in Strategic Brand Management \line - Advanced Diploma in Brand Innovation \line - Bachelor of Commerce Honours in Strategic Brand Management \line - Bachelor of Commerce Honours in Strategic Brand Management \line - Bachelor of Arts Honours in Communication \line - Bachelor of Arts in Strategic Brand Communication \line - Bachelor of Arts Honours in Strategic Brand Communication \line \line The IIE has the following programmes that are HEQSF-Aligned and deemed Accredited\'3A \line \line - Diploma in Integrated Brand Communications \line - Bachelor of Arts in Corporate Communication \line - Bachelor of Arts in Creative Brand Communication \line - Bachelor of Arts Honours in Communications Management\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator reviewed the application and recommends that the programme is accredited with conditions. The evaluator indicated that the programme in terms of Criterion 7 was deemed to be in need of improvement\'3B however\'2C the concerns expressed with regard to criterion 7 is of a nature that requires clarification\'2C and can be handled through recommendations. For all the other criteria\'2C the programme meets with minimum standards\'2C and is even commended in terms of criterion 6.\line \line The institution submitted comprehensive documentation supporting the alignment of the programme with the institutional mission and establishing the need for such a programme. The structure of the programme is logical and aims to equip graduates to enter a range of job markets\'2C primarily in the fields of media and advertising. There is a balance between more theoretical content and project-based approaches to generating practical solutions for copywriting challenges. \line \line The curriculum integrates some of the newer design approaches such as empathetic and user-centered design which is good to see. A budget has been allocated to general provision of resources. There is a strong emphasis on visuals and text \'28English\'29\'2C but only technical mention of scripting for radio\'2C podcasts or video\'2C copywriting for web is not included either. These omissions could impact the scope of employment for graduates and should be considered for inclusion in the curriculum. The programme indicates 120 credits at Level 5\'2C the limit on level 5 credits has been 96. Students do work simulation rather than work placement which is appropriate for this type of programme. The institution has indicated the programmes that this programme can articulate with vertically.\line \line The admission and selection of students is aligned with regulations and requirements\'2C and are well documented and communicated. With the strong emphasis on writing in English the entrance requirements may lead to some challenges for students. However\'2C the institution has indicated levels of support. Enrolments into the programme will increase on each campus from 60 in 2021 to 75 in 2024. With a pass rate of 60\'25 the institution would have 144 graduates in the first cohort. The number of students for the programme is high\'2C especially as one of the key shortages in the copyright job market is for copywriters who can write copy in SA languages other than English.\line \line There are some inaccuracies in the tables provided for lecturers\'2C however the majority of lecturers listed for each campus are qualified to teach aspects of the programme. Thorough documentation and policies are provided to staff that outline opportunities for further studies and research activities and how these would be supported.\line \line There are a sufficient number of academic and support staff\'2C full time and part time\'2C for the programme to be offered on each campus. No indication is given of the proposed staff members\'E2\'80\'99 other teaching commitments. The policy documents however do indicate workload assignments\'2C and how this is determined. Responsibilities for the programme such as development \'28at national office\'29 and teaching is described. The institution has comprehensive policies regarding recruitment and equity targets and contracts are appropriate. Support staff on campus and at the national office are qualified.\line \line The teaching and learning strategy is coherent and informed by current education research and practices. The course documents and other policies demonstrate a cohesive approach to curriculum development\'2C teaching and learning as well as assessment with a strong emphasis on learning and the application of knowledge aligned with a future career. The institution indicates that online training for lecturers is being developed. The quality of teaching and learning is monitored and evaluated using a number of different mechanisms thereby evaluating impact and ensuring parity across campuses. Student performance is closely monitored and when interventions are required a variety of support is provided.\line \line Thorough documentation and processes for assessment are indicated. The assessment approach\'2C setting of assessment tasks\'2C marking and moderation are described in detail\'2C enabling a common institutional understanding. For the proposed programme appropriate forms of assessment have been indicated and the learning outcomes and assessment criteria are at an appropriate level. There are good descriptions of the roles that formative and summative assessment\'2C as well as integrated assessment play in the programme in achieving learning that is relevant for students to function well in their chosen career. The recording and verification of marks is detailed in the policy documents\'2C rendering a rigorous and secure system. Policies and procedures explain the capturing and verification of marks. Appeals processes exist for students.\line \line Library resources are sufficient for the programme. The prescribed and recommended readings are sufficient and cover local and international contexts. Basic photographic and videography processes and principles are included in the programme\'2C both are highly relevant. Students will need access to cameras with aperture control and are able to shoot RAW format\'2C but the provision of the equipment is unclear. The institution has indicated that no additional specialist equipment need be purchased to run this programme. This needs to be clarified especially when groups of 60 students are being dealt with. \line \line Students in the BA Copywriting programme will need access to computers and software. A list of the venues\'2C computers and software available on each campus has been included. However\'2C these venues are not only for the use of 60 Copywriting students. It is therefore difficult to evaluate if the provisioning is sufficient. The institution should submit a more thorough picture of the computer venues and their current occupancy as well as how this will be affected once the BA Copywriting programme is offered. The software listed in the submission includes old versions of MSOffice and Adobe CC. The Adobe CC version listed is Adobe CC 2015 while the most recent version is CC 2018.  \line \line The institution has the required administrative procedures in place to ensure accurate issuing of certificates\'2C including comprehensive policies and processes that define and manage record keeping\'2C the secure storage of information and the issuing of certificates and duplicates.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor Of Arts in Copywriting \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The institution should clarify how the additional 60 students per campus will be accommodated in the existing computer labs and available computers by including the current occupancy and the projected occupancy.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. Explain how students would access the necessary photographic and video equipment that is required to complete the work outlined in the curriculum and assessments.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}