{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR049\'2FE044CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Prestige Academy \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Information Technology in Network Engineering\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line DJ Wood Street\line Bellville Business Park\line Bellville\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line Prestige Academy \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is a private higher education institution\'2C registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training\'2C offering programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Bachelor of Information Technology in System Support programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 31st July \'3F 02nd August 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 13th September 2018.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line \line 1. The programme design has critical design weakness. The outcomes of the programme do not display progression and the deepening of critical skills as required for a degree. Moreover\'2C there is an absence of rules of combination for the constituent modules in the programme.\line 2. The Institution has not addresses the matter of WIL in the programme in terms of the following\'3A - There are no clear outcomes stated for WIL and the allocated 20 credits do not align to the 400 hours assigned to WIL. - The responsibility lies with the student to find WIL. This is contrary to the prescripts on WIL. - There are no monitoring systems in place to ensure that outcomes can be monitored by the Institution.\line 3. The Institution has not provided information on student enrolment targets.\line 4. The Admission Policy is vague and should be clearer with regards to the actual admission requirements. The reference to an online diagnostic benchmarking is unclear.\line 5. Insufficient evidence was provided to indicate that the academic staff members responsible for the programme are suitably qualified and have sufficient relevant experience and teaching competence and academic leadership based on the CVs provided. Furthermore no Workload Allocation Model has been provided\'2C and in the absence of an Enrolment Plan it is not possible to gauge whether there are sufficient staff members qualified to teach on this programme.\line 6. It is not clear whether there are sufficient administrative and support staff members available as there is no information on student numbers provided.\line 7. The closure of the library during assessment times is not established practice.\line 8. The library holdings for this programme have not been provided. There appears to be no technical facilities for the programme such as the requirements for specialised rooms.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The Bachelor of Information Technology in Network Engineering is an NQF Level 07 qualification \'28360 credits over 3 years of full time study\'29\'2C designed to provide candidates with a well-rounded education through a broad knowledge base combined with focused theory and methodologies of the discipline concerned\'2C that will enable them to enter the world of Information Technology Network System Support at a professional level.\line \line The Bachelor of Information Technology in Network Engineering was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 31st July \'3F 02nd August 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 13th September 2018.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. The programme design has critical design weakness. The outcomes of the programme do not display progression and the deepening of critical skills as required for a degree. Moreover\'2C there is an absence of rules of combination for the constituent modules in the programme.\line 2. The Institution has not addresses the matter of WIL in the programme in terms of the following\'3A - There are no clear outcomes stated for WIL and the allocated 20 credits do not align to the 400 hours assigned to WIL. - The responsibility lies with the student to find WIL. This is contrary to the prescripts on WIL. - There are no monitoring systems in place to ensure that outcomes can be monitored by the Institution.\line 3. The Institution has not provided information on student enrolment targets.\line 4.  The Admission Policy is vague and should be clearer with regards to the actual admission requirements. The reference to an online diagnostic benchmarking is unclear.\line 5. Insufficient evidence was provided to indicate that the academic staff members responsible for the programme are suitably qualified and have sufficient relevant experience and teaching competence and academic leadership based on the CVs provided. Furthermore no Workload Allocation Model has been provided\'2C and in the absence of an Enrolment Plan it is not possible to gauge whether there are sufficient staff members qualified to teach on this programme.\line 6. It is not clear whether there are sufficient administrative and support staff members available as there is no information on student numbers provided.\line 7. The closure of the library during assessment times is not established practice.\line 8. The library holdings for this programme have not been provided. There appears to be no technical facilities for the programme such as the requirements for specialised rooms.\line Condition 1\'3A\line The programme design has critical design weaknesses. The outcomes of the programme do not display progression and the deepening of critical skills as required for a degree. Moreover\'2C there is an absence of rules of combination for the constituent modules in the programme.\line \line The institution did not respond or provide additional information related to this condition.\line The evaluator indicated that in the Learning Materials policy 2017. Prestige explains under sections 5.2 and 5.3 how they design and develop modules. They do not develop new study material\'2C but search for already available learning material\'2C determine if it is suitable and then adjust. In the process they also check \'3Fif the necessary module expertise\'2C support services and funding to cover expenses are available.\'3F Which Prestige have done with the design of this programme they will be using Microsoft MCSA Certification material. Prestige see this as inter-departmental and inter-institutional collaboration. This programme is thus not a uniquely designed programme by Prestige but a \'3Fduplicate and implementation\'3F of other people\'3Fs work.\line \line The majority of prescribed text books or recommended reading are part of CompTia\'2C Cisco\'2C Microsoft MCSA Certification with its associated exams \'28Obligatory reading BITSver3IT\'29. Only INF12 and STM11 is not from ComPtia. INF12\'2C INF21 and INF311 will be using the same text book for 3 levels. The evaluator questions the reference to readings and literature and is not convinced that there is adequate reading material for all the modules. Also\'2C the following modules does not have text books prescribed at this stage\'3ASS13C\'2C TS11\'2C SS22C\'2C AL21. \line \line The evaluator indicated that there is no evidence to indicate that the programme design was changed or improved or that the concerns related to the programme design were addressed.\line \line Condition 2\'3A\line The Institution has not addressed the matter of WIL in the programme in terms of the following\'3A There are no clear outcomes stated for WIL and the allocated 20 credits do not align to the 400 hours assigned to WIL. The responsibility lies with the student to find WIL. This is contrary to the prescripts on WIL. There are no monitoring systems in place to ensure that outcomes can be monitored by the Institution.\line \line In response to condition\'2C prestige provided evidence relating to Bachelor of Commerce in Digital Marketing SAQA ID 90907 and not relating to the Bachelor of Information Technology in System Support.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the evidence provided is not sufficient. The explanation in the application lacks relevance and detail and the WIL policy is not sufficient.\line \line Criterion 3\'3A\line The Institution has not provided information on student enrolment targets.\line Prestige did not respond to this condition and did not provide evidence of enrolment targets.\line \line Criterion 4\line The Admission Policy is vague and should be clearer with regards to the actual admission requirements. The reference to an online diagnostic benchmarking is unclear.\line In response to condition 4\'2C Prestige explained that the admission policy provided was reviewed and approved in April 2016.  They also provided an NBT test that are used for admission.\line \line Admission requirements for the degree is indicated under point 4.2.3 in the Admission Policy\'2C i.e. 60\'25 or higher in 3 fundamental subjects\'2C including English. These requirements are relevant to students applying for the Bachelor of Commerce in Business Management. \line The title of the section in the policy is misleading\'2C as it might be interpreted for all degree programmes\'2C but this is only the admission requirements for the degree in Business Management.\line Also\'2C the reference to the NBT test was not explained.\line \line Based on Prestige\'3Fs explanation of how students can gain access into the Bachelor of Information Technology in System Support \'28not Network Engineering\'29\'2C it is clear that they do not understand the difference between \'3FRPL\'3F and \'3Fexemption\'3F \'28see 2.6 of application\'29. The evaluator feels that Prestige misinterprets RPL. Credit exemption is when a student provide evidence \'28results of completion\'2C NQF level\'2C credits\'2C assessments etc.\'29\'2C that they have already completed a module at the same institution or external to the institution. \line \line Furthermore\'2C section 1.3 in the application indicates that students will be able to horizontally articulate \'28cross over\'29 to a related programme such as BCom IS at UWC\'2C BSc IT at UNISA or BCom Project Management\'2C a newly proposed qualification at Prestige Academy. The evaluator notes that UNISA does not offer a BSc IT and Prestige cannot make promises like this.\line \line Condition 5\'3A\line Insufficient evidence was provided to indicate that the academic staff members responsible for the programme are suitably qualified and have sufficient relevant experience and teaching competence and academic leadership based on the CVs provided. Furthermore\'2C no Workload Allocation Model has been provided\'2C and in the absence of an Enrolment Plan it is not possible to gauge whether there are sufficient staff members qualified to teach on this programme.\line \line In response to condition 5\'2C the institution provided a Workload Policy that was reviewed in 2018. The evaluator indicated that the Workload policy explains the number of minutes allocated to setting of formative and summative assessments. These are not nearly enough \'2890 or 120 minutes\'29 and the evaluator feels it takes a lot more time to set appropriate assessments. \line \line In terms of staffing\'2C the institution explains that the submission provides the names of six people\'2C who will be responsible for teaching in the Bachelor of Information Technology in Network Engineering \line - A Swanepoel will be teaching a total of 7 module with MIT from University of Cape Town \'28Computer Networks\'2C Ethics \'26 Cyberlaw\'2C Java\'2C Web development\'2C HCI\'2C Database Design\'2C Software Engineering and research with a mini dissertation\'29.\line - O Wilson\'3A 1 module\line - Lucas 5 modules with MSc IT\'2C B Compt Hons and undergraduate C Compt\line - Van Doesburgh 5 modules\line - Burger - 1 module\line - Kasner 1 module with a BSc \'28IT\'29 degree \'28university of Greenwich UK\'29 \line The evaluator indicated that the distribution of modules between the suggested lecturers is not balanced. In addition\'2C the qualifications of 3 of the individuals are not adequate for the qualification.  Note that Lucas\'2C Swanepoel and Kasner will also be lecturing in the Advanced Certificate in Information Technology Networking.  With respect to Swanepoel in the 2018 application the lecturer had 7 years\'3F experience but with this application the lecturer only has 4 years\'3F experience. Lucas will be teaching 5 modules in the application. It is indicated that the person has 6 years\'3F experience and in the academic staff document 8 years.  It is not clear how many years\'3F experience are accurate.  Kasner will not just be teaching modules in both qualifications but also be the coordinator of both programme. \line The CV\'3Fs of Burger\'2C Wilson and von Doesburg were not provided. The institution should clarify why these were omitted from the submission. \line \line The CV\'3Fs of moderators are also not sufficient. Only 6 names for the whole institution of which only 1 has a BSc CS which is not sufficient for the Bachelor\'3Fs qualification. The person should be a level higher and 1 person is not enough.\line \line \line Condition 6\'3A\line It is not clear whether there are sufficient administrative and support staff members available as there is no information on student numbers provided.\line \line The institution explained that a module coordinator was appointed\'2C i.e. Kasner. \line The evaluator indicates that Kasner will be lecturer and coordinator for 2 programmes and it is not clear if the person actually achieved the BSc Hons. The Directorate notes that administrative and support staff does not only refer to the programme coordinator\'2C but to support and administrative staff to handle administrative support.\line \line Condition 7\'3A\line The closure of the library during assessment times is not established practice.\line \line The institution did not address this condition in their response.\line \line Condition 8\'3A\line The library holdings for this programme have not been provided. There appears to be no technical facilities for the programme such as the requirements for specialised rooms.\line \line In response\'2C Prestige provided a Library agreement and outline of infrastructure \'28BIT Infrastructure\'29.\line The evaluator explained that Prestige will be sharing library with Centurion Academy. The library only has 13 computers to be used by students. Prestige does not have the laboratories required for the practical nature of the programme.\line \line In summary\'2C no evidence could be found that the institution provided sufficient information for the representation. The overall design of the programme is problematic. The modules are very similar to CompTia and Microsoft certification\'2C to mention a few. It is not certain which parts of the study guides and programme were designed by Prestige. \line \line Also\'2C the staffing remains uncertain and the programme administrative and support staff is not adequate.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme is not accredited.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Information Technology in Network Engineering \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}