{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 6th October 2020\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1171\'2FE001CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql THE SHERQ CENTRE OF EXCELLENCE \'28PTY\'29 LTD\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of business administration Financial Markets and Instruments\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 4 \'2F Part-time\'3A 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line mezzanine level JSE Building\line 17 diagonal street\line Newtown \line Johannesburg \line 2001\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Sherq Centre of Excellence \'28PTY\'29 LTD is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution and does not have any programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution applied for accreditation of the Bachelor of Business Administration Financial Markets and Instruments which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 10th of March 2020 and HEQC meeting held on the 7th of April 2020.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. The relationship between the two centres\'2C i.e. The Facilitation Workshop and SHERQ Centre of Excellence\'2C is not clear. \line 2. There is discrepancy in the total number of credits for this programme. \line 3. The teaching and learning strategy is not clear and not aligned to the information provided in Criterion 1. \line 4. Although the Institution indicated the main campus at Diagonal Street as the only site of delivery\'2C the submission refers to other sites of delivery\'2C e.g. client sites. The Institution must provide information regarding all sites of delivery and confirm the mode of delivery.\line 5. The assessment strategy is vague. Assessment methods include structured activities\'2C questioning\'2C observation and documentation\'2C while the module descriptors mention examinations and a portfolio of evidence. \line 6. The Assessment Policy states that\'2C \'27In order for a candidate to be deemed competent they must meet the Specific Outcomes or Assessment Criteria of the relevant Unit Standards.\'27 Policies should be relevant to higher education programmes. \line 7. No enrolment numbers were provided\'2C and it was not possible to determine the infrastructural and resource needs. \line 8. The submission confirms that a library is available\'2C but no information pertaining to the library holdings\'2C any databases or online subscriptions was provided.\line 9. The qualification applicable to this submission is indicated as an NQF Level 7 qualification\'2C while the submission indicates that the SHERQ Centre of Excellence \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is able to provide learning solutions from NQF Level 1-6 with a specific focus on the financial services sector. It is not evident whether the Institution is able to offer NQF Level 7 qualifications.\line 10. The title of the programme is not aligned to the HEQSF. \line 11. The minimum duration for full-time study does not meet HEQSF requirements. \line 12. The reading list does not include complete information regarding author and title in all instances. Some of the resources are outdated. Furthermore\'2C some of the sources are not relevant to a qualification at Higher Education level. \line 13. The relevance of Work-Integrated Learning in this programme is not clear. No credits are awarded for WIL\'2C although substantial learning time is allocated to WIL \'28section 1.4\'29\'2C and assessment of WIL was described in section 1.10. Furthermore\'2C the duration of WIL is not clearly indicated. \line 14. The admission criteria in the HEQC submission and the SAQA application are not the same. Furthermore\'2C the Learner Admission and Support Policy refers to SETA-related qualifications. Admission requirements are not aligned to policy and legislation for Higher Education programmes.\line 15. No information is provided regarding enrolment planning. No enrolment numbers were provided.\line 16. The academic staff complement is not sufficient in size\'2C expertise or experience in the field to support a 360-credit Bachelor\'E2\'80\'99s Degree.\line \line The Institution submitted a representation which has been evaluated.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The Institution applied for accreditation of the Bachelor of Business Administration in Financial Markets and Instruments which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 10th of March 2020 and HEQC meeting held on the 7th of April 2020. The programme was not accredited for numerous reasons discussed in this report. The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \line The submission referred to two centres\'2C i.e. The Facilitation Workshop and SHERQ Centre of Excellence. The relationship between these centres was not clear. In the representation\'2C the Institution explained that the SHERQ Centre of Excellence \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is the holding company. The requirement for a Pty Ltd was as a result of the Department of Higher Education and Training refusing to accept closed corporations \'28CCs\'29 some years ago. The Facilitation Workshop was a CC and all branding was developed for this entity. As a result of the Pty Ltd requirements\'2C the trading name of the Institution was retained as the Facilitation Workshop. Therefore\'2C The Facilitation Workshop is the Trading Name of the business and the brand by which the Institution is known. The evaluator indicated that the Institution clarified the relationship between the two entities and addressed this reason for non-accreditation.\line \line The application for accreditation revealed a discrepancy in the total number of credits for the programme. In response\'2C the Institution argues that the proposed programme has a total minimum of 360 credits\'2C as dictated by the SAQA registered qualification \'28SAQA ID 59850\'29. The Institution furthermore provided a programme overview for the qualification\'2C SAQA ID 59850\'2C and suggests that the proposed programme meets minimum requirements as it is based on a SAQA registered programme. This in itself seems concerning. While the evaluator deems this acceptable and is of the opinion that the Institution addressed the reason for non-accreditation\'2C the Directorate points to various concerns. The curriculum outline in Addendum 2 of the representation is significantly different from the proposed programme that was submitted. The total credits for the qualification totals 370 and is still not aligned to 360 as indicated in the submission. Furthermore\'2C the revised curriculum only provides for 100 credits at NQF Level 7 and therefore does not meet HEQSF requirements for the Bachelor\'E2\'80\'99s Degree. The programme should have 120 credits at NQF Level 7 \'28the exit level\'29. Furthermore\'2C the title of the programme in Addendum 2 is Bachelor of Business Administration \'E2\'80\'93 Financial Management\'2C while the title of the programme in the initial submission is Bachelor of Business Administration Financial Markets and Instruments. The new title is different from the first\'2C and not HEQSF aligned. In an attempt to address reason 2 for non-accreditation\'2C the Institution submitted a reviewed curriculum with a new title\'2C resulting in critical programme design concerns. The Directorate notes that this programme does not meet minimum HEQSF requirements.\line \line The teaching and learning strategy was not clear from the submission nor was it aligned to the information provided in Criterion 1. In the representation\'2C the Institution provided a theoretical outline of teaching and learning\'2C specifically in terms of the principles for adult education. The evaluator is of the view that the teaching and learning strategy is acceptable. The Directorate found that it was not clear how the teaching and learning strategy would be applied in this programme\'2C and it was also not evident that it aligned with Criterion 1. According to information pertaining to Criterion 1\'2C this programme assigns 20\'25 of learning time to WIL. This implies that 72 credits are obtained via WIL\'2C but WIL is not significant in the teaching and learning strategy. The Institution did not provide sufficient information to address the third reason for non-accreditation. The teaching and learning strategy is not clear and not aligned to Criterion 1.\line \line The site of delivery is of concern. The Institution indicated the main campus at Diagonal Street as the only site of delivery\'2C while the submission refers to other sites of delivery\'2C e.g. client sites. In the representation\'2C the Institution explained that this site of delivery is intended for a pilot group of 15 students once the programme has been accredited. The Directorate notes that the Institution did not address the concern. SHERQ confirms that the site of delivery\'2C as indicated in the submission\'2C is a site to pilot the programme. They do not address the concern related to other sites of delivery. The submission clearly indicates in section 5.5 that a team of facilitators will facilitate this programme at client sites. The Institution is therefore required to apply for accreditation of the various sites of delivery for the contact delivery of this programme at each site. The Institution therefore did not address the reason for non-accreditation.\line \line In terms of the concerns related to the assessment strategy\'2C the Institution explained the process of assessment and provided an overview of assessment in the programme. Also\'2C SHERQ submitted the assessment information for each module\'2C referring to the assessment criteria\'2C as well as formative and summative assessment per module. The summative assessment methods are clear\'2C but formative assessment for most of the modules is indicated as classroom assessment. This seems vague. Furthermore\'2C while the strategy and methods are explained\'2C it is not necessarily applicable to the level of learning in the respective modules. For example\'2C first-year students will complete the Research Methodology Module at NQF Level 6 to obtain 10 credits. This includes the development of a draft research proposal\'2C a final research proposal\'2C the application of research methodology in a research project\'2C and a written mini-dissertation. The credits allocated to this module is not sufficient for the scope of work\'2C the NQF level is too low\'2C and first-year students would not develop sufficient theoretical depth nor will they have experience to conduct a project to inform a mini-dissertation. The assessment strategy does not seem applicable for the level of learning in the programme. \line \line The Assessment Policy that was submitted with Criterion 6 referred to Unit Standards. The Institution was informed that policies should be relevant to higher education programmes. The Institution has reviewed the policy and it was resubmitted with the representation. The Directorate notes some superficial changes in the assessment policy\'2C i.e. references to unit standards and the ETQA were removed. However\'2C the assessment process outlined in the policy is still the same and does not reflect assessment in higher education. The assessment policy refers to a training administrator\'2C the preparation of assessment guides\'2C pre-assessment\'2C preparing the student for assessment\'2C an assessment designer\'2C to name a few. The assessment policy does not reflect the types of assessment in the programme outline and module descriptors. Furthermore\'2C the diagram that illustrates the assessment design process \'28section 5.1\'29 on page 3 of the assessment policy refers to the assessment of unit standards. The institutional assessment policy is suitable for the assessment of unit standards and not for a higher education programme. \line \line The Institution did not provide enrolment numbers and it was not possible to determine the infrastructural and resource needs. In the representation\'2C the Institution explained that it does not have any enrolment in the programme. They furthermore referred to the envisaged pilot group of students that will be enrolled once the programme is accredited. The Directorate notes that the Institution seems to misunderstand what is meant by planned enrolment numbers. From the information in the representation\'2C it was not possible to determine or evaluate infrastructural or human resource needs. The Institution therefore failed to address this reason for non-accreditation.\line \line The submission confirms that a library is available\'2C but no information pertaining to the library holdings\'2C any databases or online subscriptions was provided. The Institution did not refer to the library or library holdings in the representation. It confirmed subscription with SABINET \'28African Journals\'29 online. Additionally\'2C the Institution has access to the Directory of Open Access Journals \'28DOAJ\'29. Details of the signed agreements for the subscriptions were attached as Appendix 8. The Institution confirmed subscriptions to online resources\'2C but did not provide any evidence or information about the library on the main campus\'2C as referred to in section 7.5 of the application for accreditation. The Institution partially addressed the reason for non-accreditation\'2C but failed to provide evidence of a library on the main campus.\line \line The application for accreditation is for a Bachelor\'E2\'80\'99s Degree at NQF Level 7\'2C while the submission indicates that the SHERQ Centre of Excellence \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is able to provide learning solutions from NQF Level 1-6 with a specific focus on the financial services sector. It was not evident from the submission whether the Institution was able to offer NQF Level 7 qualifications. The Institution acknowledges that it has never offered programmes in higher education and is not registered as a higher education institution. They offer a single NQF Level 7 programme\'2C that was accredited by the BANKSETA\'2C i.e. National Higher Diploma\'3A Financial Markets and Instruments. A National Higher Diploma is not equivalent to a Bachelor\'E2\'80\'99s Degree at NQF Level 7. The information in the representation is not convincing and does not substantiate the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s ability to offer and support programmes in higher education.\line \line The title of the programme is not aligned to the HEQSF. As already mentioned earlier in this report\'2C the Institution reviewed the programme and title\'2C as indicated in Addendum 2 of the representation. The amended title for the proposed programme is a Bachelor of Business Administration \'E2\'80\'93 Financial Management\'2C and not Bachelor of Business Administration Financial Markets and Instruments\'2C as in the application for accreditation. The new title is different from the first\'2C and still not HEQSF aligned. The Institution failed to address this reason for non-accreditation.\line \line The minimum duration for full-time study did not meet HEQSF requirements. In the representation\'2C the Institution reviewed the minimum period of study to three years full-time and four years part-time\'2C which meet minimum HEQSF requirements. \line \line The Institution was informed that the reading list did not include complete information regarding author and title in all instances. Some of the resources are outdated. Furthermore\'2C some of the sources are not relevant to a qualification at higher education level. SHERQ provided a detailed bibliography \'28as Appendix 11\'29 together with a list of additional reading materials provided to the students \'28as Appendix 12\'29 to illustrate the available resources. These resources are also provided on the eLearning portal to ensure that students have easy access to the information required for the programme. The Institution provided sufficient evidence to address this reason for non-accreditation.\line \line The relevance of Work-Integrated Learning in this programme is not clear. No credits are awarded for WIL\'2C although substantial learning time is allocated to WIL \'28section 1.4\'29\'2C and assessment of WIL was described in section 1.10. Furthermore\'2C the duration of WIL is not clearly indicated. In the representation\'2C the Institution explained that WIL is addressed via a WIL portfolio of evidence that students put together during the workplace experience component of the programme. Students are required to complete a series of tasks and gather evidence to show competence against the respective exit level outcomes within a workplace environment. This portfolio of evidence must be signed off by a workplace representative\'2Fmanager within the organisation where they are completing their experiential learning\'2Fworkplace experience. \line \line It is stated that monitoring procedures for WIL is the responsibility of a programme coordinator. The role of the programme coordinator is to monitor the completion of the experiential learning portfolio of evidence. Further to this\'2C the coordinator is required to facilitate any difficulties experienced by the workplace or the team to which the student has been allocated. Support is provided where needed in the completion of the WIL portfolio of evidence. The Institution states that the WIL duration stretches over a minimum of six months and 20 credits have been allocated to the WIL. Although the Institution allocates 20 credits to a WIL module in the final year\'2C the practice of WIL\'2C and the monitoring and assessment thereof does not seem reasonable. In appendix 13\'2C the Institution provides information on WIL\'2C and provides an example of the WIL portfolio. The first section of Appendix 13 was copied and pasted from a Bachelor of Business Administration\'2C registered as SAQA ID 59850. The Institution makes it clear that it relies on this programme\'2C like SETAs rely on registered unit standards. The Institution does not understand that it has to develop\'2C accredited and offer its own programme. The WIL portfolio refers to core\'2C fundamental and elective credits. This is not clear as all the modules in this programme are compulsory. Furthermore\'2C the reference to credits in the sub-sections of the WIL portfolio does not make sense\'2C i.e. Management Practice \'26 Business Law \'28Credit Allocations\'3A 90 credits at NQF Level 5\'3B 115 credits at NQF Level 6\'3B 5 credits at NQF Level 7\'29\'2C Financial Management \'28Credit Allocations\'3A 90 credits at NQF Level 5\'3B 115 credits at NQF Level 6\'3B 5 credits at NQF Level 7\'29\'2C and Project Management \'28Credit Allocations\'3A 40 credits at NQF Level 5\'3B 60 credits at NQF Level 6\'3B 5 credits at NQF Level 7\'29. The Institution failed to address the concerns related to WIL. WIL does not seem to form an integral part of the programme. WIL placement and monitoring is not clear\'2C and the components and expectation in terms of the portfolio of evidence not reasonable.\line \line The admission criteria were not aligned to policy and legislation for higher education programmes. Furthermore\'2C the Learner Admission and Support Policy refers to SETA-related qualifications. The Institution explained the admission requirements in the representation and provided the SHERQ Learner Admission and Support Policy. Admission requirements are not clear. The Institution does not specify possession of a National Senior Certificate \'28or equivalent\'29\'2C but only mentions competence in communication and Mathematics \'28or Maths Literacy\'29 at Level 4. Furthermore\'2C it states that \'22This qualification can be achieved wholly or in part through recognition of prior learning in terms of the criteria laid out\'22. The HEQSF does allow admission via Recognition of Prior Learning \'28RPL\'29\'2C but students cannot obtain an entire qualification via RPL. Furthermore\'2C the Policy on Learner Admission and Student Support was amended\'2C but is still not suitable for higher education. It includes references to ETD practitioners and training coordinators. These are terms relevant to the SETA and QCTO environment. Furthermore\'2C it is stated that the policy applies to \'27Full Qualifications\'27 offered at a CHE level. The HEQSF does not provide for partial qualifications or unit standards. This reference is clearly not appropriate for a policy in higher education.\line \line The Institution was informed that its academic staff complement was not sufficient in size\'2C expertise or experience in the field to support a 360-credit Bachelor\'E2\'80\'99s Degree. In the representation\'2C the Institution provided a list of staff and their respective qualifications\'2C as well as the full-time and part-time status. Although the staff seem suitably qualified\'2C this cannot be evaluated in the context of the number of students envisaged in the programme. No enrolment figures were provided\'2C and it was not possible to evaluate the need according to the capacity of staff to lecture\'2C monitor WIL\'2C support and assess students. The Institution therefore failed to address this reason for non-accreditation.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation to address numerous reasons for non-accreditation of the Bachelor of Business Administration Financial Markets and Instruments. The findings in the report indicates that the Institution failed to address most of the concerns. It resulted in additional concerns and critical programme design flaws. \line \line It is therefore recommended that the programme should not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of business administration Financial Markets and Instruments \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1.1 The title for the programme in Addendum 2 is Bachelor of Business Administration  Financial Management\'2C while the title of the programme in the initial submission is Bachelor of Business Administration Financial Markets and Instruments. The new title is different from the first and not HEQSF aligned. \line \line 1.2 The total credits for the programme is contradictory and not aligned to 360 minimum credits as indicated in Section A of the submission.\line \line 1.3 The relevance of Work-Integrated Learning in this programme is not clear. WIL placement and monitoring is not clear\'2C and the components and expectation in terms of the portfolio of evidence not reasonable.\line \line 1.4 The revised curriculum is significantly different from the programme in the HEQC-online submission. The curriculum only provides for 100 credits at NQF Level 7\'2C and therefore does not meet HEQSF requirements for a Bachelor\'27s Degree. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2.1 The admission criteria are not aligned to policy and legislation for Higher Education programmes.\line \line 2.2 The Policy on Learner Admission and Student Support is not appropriate for Higher Education.\line \line 2.3 Given the lack of planned enrolment\'2C it is not possible to determine or evaluate infrastructural or human resource needs.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. No enrolment figures were provided\'2C and it was not possible to evaluate the staffing need in terms of the capacity to lecture\'2C monitor WIL\'2C support and assess students.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 2\'2C 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. The teaching and learning strategy is not clear in terms of implementation and the facilitation of the programme. While a significant percentage of learning time is allocated to WIL\'2C it is not reflected as an integral component of the teaching and learning strategy.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. The assessment strategy is not clear and not aligned to the programme type and level of learning.\line \line 5.2 The assessment policy is not appropriate for a programme in Higher Education.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 6.1 The Institution did not provide any evidence or information about the library on the main campus.\line \line 6.2 The site of delivery is not confirmed in light of reference to other sites and facilitator teams. This a contact programme that requires approval of each site of delivery. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}