{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR821\'2FE002CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Mpumalanga Insitute Of Nursing \'28PTY\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Mpumalanga Institute of Nursing Appelsbosch Sub Campus\line Appels Bosch \line Evangelican Lutheran Mission\line Appels Bosch\line \line Main Campus\line 25 Green Road\line Coveway Industrial Park\line Hammarsdale\line 3700\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Mpumalanga Insitute of Nursing is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE yet. \line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Higher Certificate in nursing which will be offered in a contact mode of delivery at Appelsbosch \'28Ozwathini\'29 Campus and at Hammarsdale\'2C Main Campus. \line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of a Diploma in Nursing \'28H\'2FPR821\'2FE001CAN\'29 \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29 which was not accredited based on the reasons below\'3A \line \line 1. The Institution has submitted a programme design that has critical weaknesses. The modules of the programme are not coherent or intellectually credible and there is no indication of progression or rules of combination. In addition\'2C no description of the alignment of the competencies with the NQF level has been provided. Based on the information provided\'2C it is not possible to determine if the Institute is in a position to support the new programme financially. \line 2. The Nursing College has failed to submit marketing information to be used for marketing the programme and it has also not presented a Marketing and Advertising Policy\'2C making it difficult to determine whether the policy complies with requirements. \line 3. The Enrolment Plan is not aligned with the clinical placements available. Regulation 173 and Reg.171 require sufficient placement to enable students to achieve the WIL related outcomes of the curriculum. \line 4. The Institution has not demonstrated that there are sufficient academic staff members at both campuses with qualifications that are one level higher than the programme applied for. No evidence has been provided of the status of these staff members as assessors registered with the SANC. The number of staff members available for clinical accompaniment is also not known. \line 5. Details regarding the staff development procedures and processes have not been submitted and policy documents are not sufficient to explain CPD processes. The Workplace Skills Plan submitted is a general document and not specific to the development of specific staff members skills in the organisation. No technical support staff members have been identified and the only support personnel mentioned are the clinical tutors. It is thus not clear if the support staff members are sufficient for the programme. \line 6. The teaching and learning policy and the teaching and learning strategy presented are not sufficient to guide quality teaching and learning in the programme. The teaching methods are rather limited and do not make provision for electronically mediated teaching. \line 7. Student support is insufficiently conceptualised and very limited and does not comply with comprehensive student support on higher education level. \line 8. No evidence of sufficient clinical placements for the students\'27 clinical credit requirements as been submitted. There is no evidence of the clinical outcomes students must achieve during clinical practice and the Experiential Learning Policy submitted is not sufficient to guide WIL for the Diploma. \line 9. The Assessment Policy and processes discussed do not provide sufficient framework for assessment of the diploma programme. The Policy erroneously indicate that SANC is still the external examiner\'2C which is not in agreement with current legislation. There is no mention of the process of moderation or that assessors and moderators must be registered at SANC as such. It also stipulates that an assessment report will only be written for external moderation. It does not comply with Reg. 171 7 \'281\'29 \'28e\'29 which states that there must be evidence of internal moderation of all assessments. In addition\'2C no information regarding the criteria and process of choosing moderators was provided. \line 10. According to Reg 171 Section 7\'281\'29 c\'2C a minimum of 60\'25 of formative clinical assessments must be done in real life situations. There is no evidence of compliance with this stipulation. \line 11. The Institution has not demonstrated that the required facilities and infrastructure are available for offering the programme at the 2 campuses. The specialized equipment indicated is not sufficient for a three-year Diploma and there is no budget for the skills laboratory available. The IT arrangements are not acceptable for the student enrolment of 20 students. \line 12. There is no description of the Management Information System for the main and satellite campus in the application or the Institutional Profile and the fields of information indicated are not sufficient for the reporting requirements of a higher education institution. \line 13. The admission requirements do not comply with the current regulatory framework\'2C and the RPL process to be followed has not been described. \line 14. The distribution of learning activities do not align with the SAQA document where 54\'25 \'28197 credits\'29 is allocated to the experiential learning \'28WIL\'29. The prescribed reading list is not inclusive of all modules. \line 15. The Nursing College has not presented evidence of whether an application to SANC has been submitted.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator found that all the criteria meet minimum standards and recommended that the programme should be accredited with conditions. \line The evaluator indicated that the programme is consonant with the institution\'3Fs mission and goals and was approved by the appropriate institutional structures. Provision is made for the programme in the institution\'3Fs planning and resource allocation processes. The evaluator\'2C however\'2C noted that the budget available for development of teaching and learning is not clearly indicated. The programme meets the national requirements pertaining to programmes which are at present being developed within the context of the NQF. The evaluator stated that the learning outcomes\'2C degree of curriculum choice\'2C teaching and learning methods\'2C modes of delivery\'2C learning materials and expected completion time cater for the learning needs of its target student intake. Programme outcomes meet national and\'2For regional labour market\'2C knowledge or other socio-cultural needs. The requirements of professional bodies are taken into consideration\'2C where applicable. Relevant stakeholders\'2C including academic peers from outside the institution\'2C and employers and professional bodies where applicable\'2C are involved in the development of the programme. The evaluator also noted that the design maintains an appropriate balance of theoretical\'2C practical and experiential knowledge and skills. It has sufficient disciplinary content and theoretical depth\'2C at the appropriate level\'2C to serve its educational purposes.  There is a policy and\'2For procedures for developing and evaluating learning materials and ensuring their alignment with the programme goals and underpinning philosophy. Where necessary\'2C members of the academic staff are trained to develop learning materials. Work-based learning and placement in a work-based environment form an integral part of the curriculum. The evaluator\'2C however\'2C pointed out that the agreement with the provincial department of health is outdate \'282010\'29 and relates to the legacy programme \'28Bridging Course for Enrolled Nurses\'29. Secondly\'2C the Institution must ensure that there is consistency in the breakdown of theory and practice. Some parts of the submission reflected practicals at 70\'25 and other as 60\'25\line        The evaluator indicated that admission requirements adhere to current legislation and are in line with the National Plan for Higher Education\'3Fs \'28NPHE\'3Fs\'29 goal of widening access to higher education. Equity targets are clearly stated\'2C as are the plans for attaining them. Provision is made\'2C where possible\'2C for flexible entry routes\'2C which includes RPL with regard to general admission requirements\'2C as well as additional requirements for the programme\'2C where applicable. The evaluator also established that admission requirements are in line with the degree of complexity of learning required in the programme. Selection criteria are explicit and indicate how they contribute to institutional plans for diversity. The number of students selected for the programme does not exceed the capacity available for offering good quality education. The plan is for 50 students to be admitted twice a year.  \line        The evaluator indicated that the academic staff members have relevant academic qualifications higher than the exit level of the programme and have sufficient experience to facilitate learning in this programme. According to the Staff Equity Policy\'2C facilitation personnel\'2C shall be registered Nurses who meet the qualification criteria as published by SANC and CHE. According to the Institution\'3Fs Staff Development Policy\'2C all staff will be afforded the opportunity to attend staff development sessions based on their needs. The objectives of the Staff Development  is to promote and sustain the mission\'2C vision and values of the school\'3B to enhance staff progression in the institution\'3B to ensure up to date knowledge of the staff of the institution\'3B to ensure uniform staff development practices in the institution\'3B and to make staff development accessible to all levels of staff. The evaluator also indicated that the academic staff is of sufficient seniority and have appropriate qualifications and skills. The staff\'3A student ratio expressed as full-time equivalents is suitable for the nature and field of the programme and number of enrolled students. Sufficient support staff dedicated to the programme are available\'2C where appropriate.The Support Staff have appropriate qualifications and skills which are regularly updated as per the provisions of the Staff Development Policy. Mpumalanga Institute of nursing will follow the staff recruitment plan that is in line with relevant labour legislations and the Employment Equity plan. \line With regards to teaching and learning the evaluator indicated that recognition of the importance of the promotion of student learning is reflected in the institution\'3Fs central operating policies and procedures. Clinical experiential learning forms an integral part of the Higher Certificate. To ensure that students complete the required hours of supervised\'2Fmentored clinical experience\'2C the institution plans to have 72 credits of the 120 credits acquired in an appropriate and accredited clinical facility. At least 70\'25 of the 72 credits is planned to be supervised in real life situations.  The methods\'2C mode of delivery and the materials development include theoretical facilitation \'28lectures\'2F group work and role play\'29 practical work \'28anatomical manikins and anatomical charts and biomedical equipment\'29 problem solving \'28case studies\'2C cross word puzzle\'29\'2C  independent study \'28assignment\'2C projects\'2C workbooks and portfolio\'29\'2C one on one teaching for students who are struggling with teaching and learning. There is budget for Teaching and Learning which is determined by the academic head\'2C head of school and school management. The Institution provides for staff development opportunities where staff can upgrade their teaching methods. Provision is made for the monitoring of student progress and evaluating impact\'2C and there are mechanisms for feedback and improvement. The Learner Support Policy states that learners who are not performing well in the formative evaluations and in continuous assessments will be given remedial support. If the learners\'2C in spite of the remedial support do not obtain the required year mark\'2C he\'2Fshe will be excluded from the final examination. Student Counselling is provided for students who are slow learners\'2C who fail or miss tests\'2C or fail trail examinations and final examination.\line The evaluator indicated that the programme has appropriate policies and procedures  for internal assessment of student learning achievements by academic staff responsible for teaching a course\'2Fmodule of the programme in a system that includes internal moderation. The Moderation Policy indicates that all the theoretical and clinical assessments conducted as ongoing formative and summative evaluations must be moderated to ensure validity and reliability. Internal and External Moderators of the module will ensure that the assessment strategies are reviewed for comprehensiveness\'2C validity and inter-maker reliability. Internal moderators will be nurse educators who are involved in teaching the course\'3B they will be appointed by Senate. External moderators who are considered competent in the area of study with relevant qualification nurse educators or at least registered nurses will be outsourced from other nursing schools. \line It is indicated that suitable and sufficient venues are available at all official sites of learning where the programme is offered\'2C including teaching and learning venues\'2C laboratories and clinical facilities\'2C where appropriate. There are codes for clinical conduct\'2C laboratory practice and safety\'2C where appropriate. Venue allocation and timetabling are carefully planned to accommodate the needs of students. Suitable and sufficient IT infrastructure\'2C as determined by the nature of the programme\'2C is available. There are provisions for a well-resourced library with e-books for use by students in the programme. The institution has a library budget including a budget for IT infrastructure to ensure that there are enough resources for students.  IT infrastructure is available for students\'3B all with Internet. There are 15 Desktops with Monitors for student research and assignments. IT infrastructure available with internet in the staff room for record keeping and research for relevant information \'28for lesson planning and teaching\'29. \line The evaluator indicated that the the Institute has a Learner Information Management System in place. The Certification policy outlines the security measures to ensure the integrity\'2C security and control to prevent fraudulent certificates being issued. The teaching and learning committee\'2C the curriculum committee and assessment committee form the executive committee who determines certification and processes registration of a qualification with SANC the final assessment of students. The programme information system is managed effectively in order to provide reliable information on the records of the students in the programme\'2C including admission\'2C progression\'2C grades\'2F marks\'2C fees and graduation.\line The Directorate recommends that the progamme should be accredited. \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line  1. The Institution must clarify the budget available for development of teaching and learning. \line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1 \'26 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Long-term\b0 \line  4. RPL policy must be aligned to existing guidelines from SAQA and ensure that not more than 50\'25 of a programme is recognized\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2 \'26 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Long-term\b0 \line  6. A site visit will be undertaken within the first year of implementation to verify that the Institution has the required academic and infrastructural capacity to offer the programme. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1 - 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. The Institution must submit an updated workplace learning agreement with the provincial department of health as the one submitted is outdated \'282010\'29 and relates to the legacy programme \'28Bridging Course for Enrolled Nurses\'29\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1 \'26 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 3. The Institution must ensure that there is consistency in the breakdown of theory and practice. In some part of the submission it is given as practicals at 70\'25 and in other parts as 60\'25\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1 \'26 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 5. The Health and Safety Report has been signed by the Principal of the College. A designated service provider should conduct the health and safety audit and submit a report\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}