{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR035\'2FE134CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql The Independent Institute of Education \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Hospitality Management\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 135\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql IIE PHS\'2C Rosebank\line 3-5 Keyes Avenue\'2C\line Rosebank\'2C\line Johannesburg\'2C\line 2196\line \line IIE PHS\'2C Stellenbosch\line 33 Vlottenburg Road\'2C\line Stellenbosch\'2C\line 7600\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Independent Institute of Education \'28IIE\'29 is a private higher education Institution registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and also has programmes accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of the Higher Certificate in Hospitality Management programme which will be offered in a contact mode of delivery at Johannesburg\'2C IIE PHS\'2C Rosebank and as well as Stellenbosch\'2C IIE PHS\'2C Stellenbosch campus. \line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of a Bachelor of Hospitality Management  . \line \line IIE is accredited to offer a Bachelor of Business Administration in Hospitality Management\'2C as well as a Diploma in Travel and Tourism Management.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator reviewed the application and found that the programme meets minimum requirements for most of the criteria and indicates that Criterion 3 needs improvement. It is recommended that the programme is accredited with conditions. \line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme is consonant with the mission of the institution and was approved by appropriate institutional structures \'28senate\'29. This programme prepares students for entry level positions in the hospitality industry and took into consideration needs of the hospitality industry. Relevant stakeholders form the industry and academic professionals were consulted as part of the Project Advisory Committee to ensure relevance of qualification. This programme provides the appropriate theoretical and practical curriculum experience. To support this\'2C the evaluator mentioned that it provides students with basic introductory knowledge\'2C cognitive tools and practical techniques relevant to the hospitality industry. The programme provides appropriate opportunities of articulation within and across institutions. According to the evaluator\'2C the Module Outline document provided sufficient evidence to demonstrate that modules\'2Fcourses were coherently planned. The reading and online support material was at the appropriate level and prepared students for both the industry and further studies. \line \line The admission and selection criteria adhere to current legislation and are commensurate with the programme\'E2\'80\'99s academic requirements. The programme creates learning opportunities for students who were specifically interested in the hospitality industry and who experienced difficulties in accessing public higher education institutions. The institution indicated its use of access through RPL as well and demonstrated that appropriate mechanisms for RPL access are in place. The enrolment plan takes into account the capacity available. It envisaged starting in 2021 with 36 students on the Stellenbosch campus\'2C 24 on the Rosebank campus and building this to 48 students on the Rosebank campus by 2024. \line \line This programme is offered at two sites of Rosebank and Stellenbosch and which the evaluator took into consideration. According to the evaluator\'2C the institution made provision for staff development through its Academic Conditions of Service Policy. In line with this\'2C support was available to assist staff in improving their academic qualifications as well as their expertise as higher education lecturers. The evaluator pointed out the intention of the institution to only appoint a lecturing team upon successful accreditation of the programme. \line \line The evaluator raised concerns related to the disciplinary expertise of the academic staff. In this respect\'2C the evaluator demonstrated a concern at the Rosebank campus where the academic \'28Pierre van Heerden\'29 holds a Diploma in Professional Cookery and Kitchen Management as the highest qualification in hospitality. Further concern raised by the evaluator was that the qualifications indicated in CVs of staff members on the Rosebank campus were not in line with the academic requirements of the programme. In addition\'2C the institution indicated its intention to appoint appropriate lecturing staff upon accreditation of the programme.\line \line The evaluator acknowledged that mechanisms are in place to support and evaluate lecturing activities on the Rosebank and Stellenbosch campuses. This was supported by the observation that the IIE Central Academic Team \'28CAT\'29 used specialists on each site to monitor and evaluate\'2C as well as develop teaching competence of lecturing staff. The evaluator was satisfied that lecturer induction for newly appointed academic staff was available and that it included a focus on teaching and learning. The Directorate accepts that support mechanisms are in place to assist staff in improving their academic qualifications or their expertise as lecturers but remained concerned that evidence related to their academic fit was not adequately addressed. The Directorate agrees with the evaluator that the academic staff component for this programme at the Rosebank campus does not meet minimum standards. The evaluator is concerned that the intention of the institution to appoint appropriately qualified academic staff that comply with the HEQSF requirement of holding a qualification higher than the exit level of the programme is not guaranteed. The staff recruitment and appointment adhered to the Labour Relations Act and to conditions of service. \line \line The evaluator reviewed information provided against the minimum standards requesting evidence to demonstrate the size and seniority of the academic and support staff and considered the support staff as adequate and appropriate for this programme. The Directorate agreed with the evaluator that the institution does not meet the minimum standards regarding the academic staff complement. This meant that the institution could not \'E2\'80\'93with evidence- provide information regarding the staff\'3A student ration nor demonstrate how this would be suitable for the programme. The Directorate would further argue that the institution cannot adequately demonstrated that the programme has an appropriate ratio of full-time to part-time staff for example. Nor can it demonstrate that the academic staff complement ensures that students are exposed to a diversity of academic experiences as required by the programme. The evaluator specifically indicated that the information provided for the Certificate and Bachelor\'E2\'80\'99s qualifications did not distinguish between the academic requirements for the different programmes. \line \line The evaluator was satisfied that that the importance of learning was reflected in the operating policies of the institution\'2C which included the Quality Assurance and Enhancement Policy\'2C the Assessment Strategy and Policy. The Teaching and Learning Strategy are also reflected in the institutional policies. \line The evaluator indicated that the teaching and learning strategy required students to attend classes on campus as well as group classes on the online platform. This is applied to all modules offered on this programme. The modules facilitate self-pace learning. The self-learning activities are monitored and allow lecturers to determine individual student progress. Appropriate mechanisms are used to ensure that teaching and learning is appropriate. \line \line The evaluator noted that modules are shared across different qualifications and are differentiated from each other by independent module outcomes and aligned assessment. Students on the different campuses comply with the same requirements as they write the same exam. The evaluator are satisfied that online learning is centrally managed to ensure that all students are accessing the same learning material. The evaluator confirmed that mechanisms are in place to identify non-active learners and address such issues as required.\line \line The evaluator noted that the Assessment Strategy and Policy\'2C the Teaching and Learning Strategy and the Marking and Moderation Guided are sufficient proof that the programme had appropriate policies to guide assessment. According to the evaluator\'2C the type of assessment are determined by the credit value\'2C the skills and competencies as well as the exit level outcomes for the programme. This ensures that the assessment load is reasonable. The evaluator confirmed that internal assessment and external moderation are commensurate with the assessment policies of the institution. In this regard\'2C the evaluator noted that external moderators are used for a period of three years for the exit level modules and for both sites of delivery.\line \line Appropriate mechanisms are used to monitor student progress. Feedback on assessment are discussed with students prior to and after completion thereof. The evaluator noted that suitable processes are in place to record assessment results. An Assessment Administrator is tasked to capture results from mark sheets onto the student administration system. The results are verified by a different person before they are released to students. The noted that appropriate measures to deal with disputes were in place. Appropriate policies and mechanisms are in place to ensure the validity and reliability of the assessment system. \line \line Each of the sites have suitable and sufficient computer and related facilities available to deliver this programme. Appropriate software is available and licensed as well. Students have access to current IT technology for their learning needs. Suitable venues are available to present the programme. The evaluator is satisfied that the ratio of computers to students during contact classes is one-to-one and therefore appropriate. Academic and support staff also have access to required IT hard- and software.\line The library provides access to reading material in both online and offline modes. In addition\'2C the library holds subscription to major journal repositories and where needed\'2C the library will source documents not available. The library is managed by professional librarians on the sites where the programme is offered.\line \line The evaluator confirms that effective administration systems are in place on the different sites and assured connection between them. Servers are hosted on each site and backup resources as well. Each site is managed by a team comprising full-time and part-time experienced IT personnel. The institution uses an integrated and centrally hosted System for Academic Management \'28SAM\'29 that provides both academic and administrative support. This system \'28SAM\'29 is used to facilitate and support the different elements in the student life cycle. Appropriate mechanisms are in place to ensure integrity of the certification process.\line \line \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Hospitality Management \'28135 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line The institution must demonstrate that the academic staff for the Rosebank campus is in line with the minimum requirements for academic staff.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}