{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH24\'2FE022CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Sol Plaatje University\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Commerce Honours\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Kimberley Campus - Chapel Street\line Chapel Street\'2C Kimberley\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Sol Plaatjie University \'28SPU\'29 is a public higher education institution whose programmes have been accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Bachelor of Commerce Honours programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 19th \'E2\'80\'93 21st November 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 14th of February 2019.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A \line 1. The Institution has submitted a programme that has critical design weaknesses in terms of the following\'3A\line - The composition of the programme does not adequately reflect a BCom Hons \'28Generic programme\'29 and does not align with the NQF level in terms of its design and the numerous specific fields of specialisation that are proposed.\line - The exit level outcomes do not form part of the HEQC-submission.\line - The outcomes of modules do not in all instances reflect an appropriate balance between theoretical and practical knowledge\'2C in particular when the assessment criteria are taken into account.\line - There is a lack of clarity on how some exit level outcomes align with the majority of the module outcomes. Furthermore\'2C some outcomes are not in line with the level of difficulty for a NQF Level 8 programme.\line \line 2. There are several discrepancies in the information that has been provided in the various documents relating to the curriculum specifically in the SAQA document\'2C the HEQC online submission and the module guide document.\line \line 3. The Policy on Supervision does not refer explicitly to the criteria and the qualification requirements of supervisors as it is stated that supervisors will be chosen based on their experience.\line \line 4. The Institution has not provided adequate information on the student support strategy available for students registered in the programme and how its learning management system supports teaching and learning on this programme.\line \line NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line - The Institution should revise the RPL Policy so as not to exceed the 10\'25 student cohort requirement that may be accepted into the programme via the RPL route.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the original application\'2C the first evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report and the additional information provided by the Institution as part of the representation and recommended that the programme should not be accredited.\line \line The HEQC recommendation stated that the Institution had submitted a programme that had critical design weaknesses in terms of a number of areas that were identified namely relating to the composition of the programme that did not adequately reflect a BComHons \'28Generic programme\'29 and was not aligned with the NQF level in terms of its design and the numerous specific fields of specialisation that are proposed. As a response the Institution has submitted a curriculum for the BComHons includes three compulsory modules\'2C namely Advanced Research Methodology \'2818 credits\'29\'2C a Research Project \'2830 credits\'29 and Advanced Strategic Management \'2824 credits\'29. The total number of credits allocated to the compulsory modules are 72 credits. The electives \'2848 credits\'29 comprise of five streams\'2C namely Business Management \'28four modules of 24 credits each\'29\'2C Entrepreneurship \'28three modules of 24 credits each\'29\'2C Marketing Management \'28five modules of 24 credits each\'29\'2C Financial Management \'28five modules of 24 credits each\'29 and Human Resource Management \'28three modules of 24 credits each\'29. The programme is clearly based on five fields of specialization. Therefore\'2C the evaluator indicated that the programme design\'2C based on specializations\'2C does not reflect the design of a generic BComHons programme.\line \line In terms of the exit level outcomes\'2C the evaluator confirmed that the exit level outcomes have been listed in the SAQA application that was submitted with the HEQC-application. The exit level outcomes do not reflect the nature of the programme. Also\'2C the Institution reviewed and edited the assessment criteria to reflect the nature and purpose of the programme\'2C but these are still mostly of theoretical nature and does not provide for practical application as stated in the purpose of the programme.\line \line The evaluator noted that the module outline of one of the compulsory modules refers to Advanced Strategic Management\'2C whilst the HEQC-submission refers to Strategic Management. There is a substantive difference between the programme content and assessment of an advanced module versus a module not on an advanced level.\line \line The module outcomes and assessment criteria seem contradictory. The evaluator referred to the following example\'3A The first module outcome for International Business \'28forming part of the Business Management stream\'29 is as follows\'3A \'E2\'80\'9CDemonstrate a comprehensive and systematic knowledge base in international business management\'2C a depth of knowledge in the area of globalization management\'2C identify and explain the drivers of globalization\'2C the merits as well as the implications of globalization for international business operations\'2C explain the characteristics and the implications for global business operations.\'E2\'80\'9D One of the assessment criteria for this learning outcome states\'3A \'E2\'80\'9CDemonstrate the ability to present and communicate professional work effectively and critically describe and expound the basic approaches to global business management.\'E2\'80\'9D The first part of this assessment criterion is not aligned with the learning outcome\'2C nor with the module as such. This assessment criterion also is not a reflection of a NQF Level 8 qualification.\line \line The programme reflects critical design weaknesses and does not reflect a generic BComHons programme. The evaluator indicated a misalignment between the nature and purpose of the programme\'2C the exit level outcomes\'2C assessment criteria and NQF Level. From the representation the evaluator is of the view that the reason for non-accreditation has not been addressed.\line \line In the HEQC recommendation it was stated that the there were several discrepancies in the information that has been provided in the various documents relating to the curriculum\'2C specifically in the SAQA document\'2C the HEQC online submission and the module guide document. In response to reason 2\'2C the Institution clarified some of the discrepancies\'2C but the evaluator indicated that not all the discrepancies were adequately addressed. In reason 2 above\'2C the evaluator referred to the different \'E2\'80\'98module names\'E2\'80\'99 that are used in the HEQC-submission and the module outline\'2C e.g. The evaluator noted that the module outline of one of the compulsory modules refers to Advanced Strategic Management\'2C whilst the HEQC-submission refers to Strategic Management. There is a substantive difference between the programme content and assessment of an advanced module vs a module not on an advanced level. The Institution failed to address reason 2\'2C and the programme does not meet minimum requirements.\line \line In the HEQC recommendation it was stated that the Policy on Supervision does not refer explicitly to the criteria and the qualification requirements of supervisors as it is stated that supervisors will be chosen based on their experience. The Institution submitted a list of supervisors\'2C but the Policy on Supervision is still not amended to include the criteria and qualification requirements of supervisors. The evaluator indicated that the supervisors hold the following qualifications\'3A two staff members have a PhD \'28Economics\'29\'2C one a DTech \'28Marketing\'29\'2C one a PhD in Information Systems and MBA\'2C two people has a DTech \'28Business Administration\'29\'2C one a PhD \'28Public Administration\'29\'2C one a Masters in Public Administration and lastly\'2C a Masters in Management. Due to the fact that the CVs of the mentioned supervisors are not available\'2C it is was not possible to evaluate the suitability of all these supervisors for this programme. Due to the fact that the CVs of the mentioned supervisors are not available\'2C it is was not possible to evaluate the suitability of all these supervisors for this programme\'2C given their supervisory and research experience. Also\'2C the evaluator feels that some of the staff\'E2\'80\'99s field of expertise are not relevant and they might not be equipped for supervision in a BComHons degree.\line \line The evaluator indicated that Institution did not amend the Policy on Supervision to include the criteria and requirements for supervisors\'2C and the programme therefore does not meet minimum requirements in terms of reason 3.\line \line The HEQC recommendation stated that the Institution had not provided adequate information on the Student Support Strategy available for students registered in the programme and how its learning management system supports teaching and learning in this programme. In the representation\'2C the Institution explained the various student support structures that are available\'2C i.e.\'3A Moodle as Learning Management System\'2C the University\'E2\'80\'99s library\'2C postgraduate university research colloquiums and indabas\'2C contact sessions\'2C as well as individual and group consultation hours. The evaluator indicated that the reason was adequately addressed and that the programme meets minimum standards.\line \line The HEQC noted in the letter to the Institution\'2C that the institutional RPL Policy should be revised to meet the required national standards\'2C so as not to exceed the 10\'25 student cohort requirement that may be accepted into the programme via the RPL route. The Institution confirmed that the RPL Policy is currently under review and that they will attend to the 10\'25-rule.\line \line In summary\'2C the evaluator feels that although the Institution attended to some of the critical matters pertaining to Criteria 1\'2C the major concern has not been addressed and the programme design weakness is still present. The programme is clearly based on five fields of specialization and does not reflect the design of a generic BComHons programme.\line \line The Directorate hereby recommends that the programme is not accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Commerce Honours \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. The programme reflects critical design weaknesses and does not reflect a generic BComHons programme. The programme is clearly based on five fields of specialization and does not reflect the design of a generic BComHons programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The curriculum\'2C NQF Level\'2C exit level learning outcomes and assessment criteria are not aligned and coherent\'2C and do not reflect the nature and purpose of the programme. The programme does not meet minimum requirements. Although the Institution reviewed and edited the assessment criteria to reflect the nature and purpose of the programme\'2C it is still mostly of a theoretical nature and does not provide for practical application as stated in the purpose of the programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line The Institution should amend the Policy on Supervision to include the criteria and requirements for supervisors.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}