{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR369\'2FE037CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Regent Business School\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Marketing Management \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Durban Campus\line Regent Business School\line 35 Samora Machel Street\line Durban\line 4001\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Regent Business School is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution with programmes that are accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is applying for the accreditation of a Diploma in Public Relations Management programme which will be offered in the distance mode of delivery at the Durban Campus - 35 Samora Machel Street\'2C Durban.\line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of the following programmes which are still in process\'3A\line - Diploma in Marketing Management\line - Higher Certificate in Entrepreneurship\line - Doctor of Business Administration\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator indicated that the programme in terms of Criterion 1 does not comply with the minimum requirements and that in terms of Criteria 2\'2C 4 and 5 need of improvement\'2C whilst in terms of Criteria 3\'2C 6\'2C 7\'2C 8 and the distance education section the information provided meets the minimum requirements for accreditation. The evaluator recommended that the programme should be accredited with conditions. \line \line The programme is in line with the Institution\'27s mission. The aim and the rationale of the programme have been provided. \line The programme consists of 15 compulsory modules. The inconsistency in credit allocations needs to be explained.  For example\'2C there are three modules in the first-year with a credit allocation of 30\'2C while the rest of the modules are 15 credits.  In the 2nd year there are three 30 credit modules and two 15 credit modules. The same applies to the 3rd year. \line \line The content of the Financial and Management Accounting module seems to be at an advanced level\'2C and since it is not expected of students to have a certain level of Mathematical abilities\'2C this module may be too advanced and may put students at-risk for failing.  A more introductory module to basic Financial Management is recommended by the evaluator.  It is also not clear if this is a semester module or if this subject will be offered over a year.  In addition\'2C it is suggested that the Institution should review the name of the module\'2C as either Introduction to Management Accounting or Introduction to Financial Management. \line \line The evaluator notes that Marketing Management 2 is a follow-up module of Marketing Management 1\'2C however\'2C the modules seem to be offered on the same level\'2C they both cover introductory and basic concepts of Marketing\'2C and students will attain a total of 60 credits if they complete two basic\'2C introductory modules in Marketing Management.  This 2nd year module needs a review and it needs to designed in line with the appropriate NQF level. \line \line Some modules are\'2C for example\'2C Marketing Management 1 and Digital Marketing 3\'2C whilst others are Sales Marketing 301 and International Marketing 301.  The numbering at the end of each module need to be reviewed to ensure standardisation and consistency. The Directorate is of the view that the outcomes of all modules\'2C not addressed specifically in the conditions\'2C have to be reviewed and aligned to the appropriate level.\line \line The prescribed textbook for Customer Relationship Management is a Business Communication textbook and the book has no publication date. The textbook needs to be aligned with the content of the module. The prescribed textbook for Business Information systems needs a publication date. Brand Management 3 follows on Brand Management 2\'2C yet\'2C it still covers outcomes such as \'E2\'80\'9CExplain what a brand it and how branding works\'E2\'80\'9D and \'E2\'80\'9CDetermine the implications of market evolution for marketing strategies\'E2\'80\'9D.  It does not seem as if this module has a specific focus\'2C as it seems to cover aspects which would have been discussed in Brand Management 1 or in Marketing Management 1 and 2.  The volume of the work to be covered in this module does not seem to justify the 30 credits \'28300 notional hours\'29.  It is suggested that this module is reviewed\'2C aligned to the relevant NQF level and that the credit allocation is justified. \line \line The content of the Marketing Management 3 module is on a strategic level\'2C thus\'2C a textbook in Strategic Marketing Management is suggested.  It is suggested that the Institution reviews all textbooks prescribed for Marketing 1\'2C 2 and 3 to ensure there is no major duplication and overlap of content. The evaluator raises other matters concerning the textbooks such as\'2C the prescribed textbook Sales Marketing is a general Marketing Management textbook with limited focus on Sales.  The textbook should be reviewed and the title of the module should indicate if the focus is on Sales\'2C in which case the title should indicate that it is a Sales Management module. The prescribed textbook for International Marketing has no publication date.  The evaluator further suggests that the module outcomes should be aligned to the appropriate NQF level and according to the purpose\'2C where it is stated in the submission that students will be expected to identify and explain global marketing trends and its impact on an organisation.  \line \line Articulation is horizontally into equivalent Diploma qualifications and vertically into the Advanced Diploma which are both offered by the Institution.\line \line The programme will allow school leavers with a Senior Certificate and Diploma endorsement to study further.  It also targets older people in full-time employment.  No evidence of such marketing material has been provided and it is not clear how these programmes are marketed. The admission requirements for this programme seems appropriate.  Alternative access is also provided via the RPL route. The Institution refers to an appropriate admissions assessment. More information about this assessment is required. The Enrolment Plan is for 40 students for year 1\'2C 60 students in year 2 and 85 students in year 3.  \line \line With regard to staff members\'2C the name list of the lecturing staff members seems to be different in the programme information document where 33\'25 of the modules are presented by the same lecturer. Detail has been provided about staff development and mention is made of research development\'2C bursaries for further studies\'2C in-house staff development. The staff members workload is discussed and the general percentage breakdown between the different activities has been provided.  The Institution failed to provide the actual detail in terms of workload per staff member. It is not clear if sufficient support staff \'28from the complement of 83 staff members\'29 and academic staff are allocated to this specific programme. More information is needed.  \line \line In relation to teaching and learning\'2C learning activities consist of lectures \'2815\'25 \'29 and self-study \'28total of 85\'25\'29. The delivery of teaching is supported by the use of technology to deliver content \'28videos\'2C audio clips\'2C videoconferencing etc.\'29 Academic support services are provided via the student portal. Core material is made available to students and this includes a general handbook\'2C academic calendar\'2C module guide\'2C workbook etc. All student queries are tracked  and support included one-to-one support \'28for example\'2C via telephone or email\'29 and workshops. It is not clear how distance students will benefit from face-to-face workshop. \line \line The weighting of the formative assessments is 40\'25 and the summative assessments are 60\'25.  The rationale for allowing a sub-minimum of 30\'25 in the formative and 40\'25 in the summative component is not clear.  The pass mark is 50\'25. Criteria for the appointment of external examiners has been provided\'2C the institution has to be specific about the maximum number of years a person may be appointed as an external moderator.  The process for capturing and reporting marks has been explained. \line \line This programme will be offered via distance mode of delivery\'2C however\'2C an outline of the physical teaching and learning spaces has been provided. The academic technology unit will provide support in the use of technologically mediated teaching methods. All staff will have access to electronic resources and students will also have access to an online library. It is stated that the current holding is sufficient\'2C but this would only be determined via a site visit.\line \line The Certification policy has been submitted as well as a checklist for issuing certificates. All seems to be in order\'2C a further recommendation would be to assign a unique ID number to each and every certificate. It seems as if the programme\'E2\'80\'99s information is managed effectively \'28i\'29 and systems are in place to identify non-active students and to monitor student performance \'28ii\'29.\line \line With regard to distance learning\'2C Staff members  are trained and supported for the specialised distance education roles. however\'2C detail about this training has not been provided. The institution refers to module guides\'2C learning material and support workshops. Mention is made of face-to-face workshops.It is not clear how distance students will benefit from these workshops if they are not able to attend. \line \line The evaluator has recommended that the programme be accredited with conditions\'2C however\'2C the Directorate does not support this recommendation as the submission indicates that there are critical programme design concerns that range from the level of the content to be offered\'2C the module outcomes that are not pitched at the appropriate NQF level\'2C the naming of the modules and the inconsistent credit allocations are amongst some of the concerns.  The matters relating to the design and the composition of the curriculum have an effect on the sequencing and coherence in the curriculum.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Marketing Management  \'28360 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. The programme has critical design weaknesses and does not constitute a programme that is coherently designed. There is inconsistency in credit allocations of the modules in the programme.  The module outcomes are not aligned to the appropriate NQF level and the purpose\'2C where it is stated in the submission that students will be expected to identify and explain global marketing trends and its impact on an organisation. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The composition of the curriculum demonstrates that the the content of the some modules is at an advanced level \'28Financial and Management Accounting module\'29 since it is not expected of students to have a certain level of Mathematical abilities\'2C this module may be too advanced and may put students at risk for failing. The content in other modules is very limited and does not cover the basic \'28Brand Management\'29. The credit value of 30 credits is not  justified. \line In addition\'2C both Marketing Management modules \'2860 credits\'29 are on the same level\'2C and they both cover introductory and basic concepts of Marketing. These modules are not aligned to the appropriate NQF level.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. The naming of the modules and the numbering at the end of each module requires revision to ensure standardisation and consistency. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. No evidence of marketing material has been provided and it is not clear how the programmes will be marketed. The Institution refers to an appropriate admissions assessment and does not provide an explanation of what by this statement.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. The Institution failed to provide the actual detail in terms of workload per staff member. More information is needed. It is not clear if sufficient support staff members \'28from the complement of 83 staff members\'29 and academic staff are allocated to this specific programme.The name list of the lecturing staff seems to be different in the programme information document where 33\'25 of the modules are presented by the same lecturer. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3 \'26 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 6. The Institution has not clarified how distance education students will benefit from face-to-face workshops and how these students will be assisted if they cannot attend these workshops.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line The prescribed textbooks for Marketing 1\'2C 2 and 3 demonstrate a major duplication and overlap of content. Several of the book are not appropriate in terms of the following\'3A\line - The prescribed textbook for Customer Relationship Management is a Business Communication textbook and the book along with the International Marketing book has no publication date. The textbook of the former is not aligned with the content of the module. \line - The prescribed textbook for Business Information systems needs a publication date.\line - The prescribed textbook Sales Marketing is a general Marketing Management textbook with limited focus on Sales.  The textbook should be reviewed and the title of the module should indicate if the focus is on Sales\'2C in which case the title should indicate that it is a Sales Management module.   \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}