{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR035\'2FE133CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql The Independent Institute of Education \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Hospitality Management\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql IIE PHS\'2C Rosebank\line 3-5 Keyes Avenue\'2C\line Rosebank\'2C\line Johannesburg\'2C\line 2196\line \line IIE PHS\'2C Stellenbosch\line 33 Vlottenburg Road\'2C\line Stellenbosch\'2C\line 7600\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Independent Institute of Education \'28IIE\'29 is a private higher education Institution registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and also has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of the Bachelor of Hospitality Management programme which will be offered in a contact mode of delivery at Johannesburg\'2C IIE PHS\'2C Rosebank and as well as Stellenbosch\'2C IIE PHS\'2C Stellenbosch campuse.\line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of a Higher Certificate in Hospitality Management.\line \line IIE is accredited to offer a Bachelor of Business Administration in Hospitality Management.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line This programme meets minimum requirements in terms of most of the relevant criteria\'2C but notes that Criteria 3 and 4 needs improvement. It is recommended that the programme is accredited with conditions. \line \line The Bachelor of Hospitality Management is consonant with the institutional mission and was approved by appropriate institutional structures. The evaluator confirmed that sufficient resources were available for the development of new modules as well and that this process was in line with institutional policy. The qualification prepares students in the hospitality areas food and beverages\'2C sales and marketing\'2C and\'2C revenue and front-of-house. The qualification aligns with HEQSF requirements.\line \line The evaluator noted that the programme\'E2\'80\'99s admission requirements are in line with the degree of complexity of learning required. In this regard\'2C the evaluator indicated that it was directed at school leavers interested in accessing the hospitality industry. As such\'2C it catered for the needs of this profession and promoted students understanding thereof as well. The programme design provided students with the theoretical depth and applied skills relevant to the chosen career and provides opportunities for articulation across and within institutions.  \line \line The evaluator indicated that students in this programme are exposed to hospitality operations and functions as well as to managerial activities within the hospitality sector. This was done on a scaffold basis where exposure to managerial activities was done in year three of the programme. \line \line The marketing strategies that included school visits\'2C advertising on the web and social media as well as across traditional media were acceptable. To this avail\'2C the evaluator noted that each site of delivery targeted a range of schools and communities from which to draw students. These would be students who would have opted for private higher education or who would not have qualified for access to some public higher education institutions. Admission criteria\'2C requirements and selection\'2C the evaluator argued\'2C were in line with the degree of complexity of the programme and adhered to current legislation regarding equity and widened access. The number of students selected into the programme\'2C the evaluator noted\'2C would not exceed the capacity available. This was evident from the enrolment plan of starting with 36 students at the Stellenbosch campus and 24 at the Rosebank campus and increasing this to 48 students on both campuses in 2024. \line \line This programme is offered at two sites of Rosebank and Stellenbosch. According to the evaluator\'2C the institution made provision for staff development through its Academic Conditions of Service Policy. In line with this\'2C support was available to assist staff in improving their academic qualifications as well as their expertise as higher education lecturers. The evaluator pointed out the intention of the institution to only appoint a lecturing team upon successful accreditation of the programme. \line \line The evaluator raised concerns related to the disciplinary expertise of the academic staff. In this respect\'2C the evaluator demonstrated a concern at the Rosebank campus where the academic \'28Pierre van Heerden\'29 holds a Diploma in Professional Cookery and Kitchen Management as the highest qualification in hospitality. Further concern raised by the evaluator was that the qualification on submitted CVs of staff members on the Rosebank campus were not in line with the academic requirements of the programme In addition the institution indicated its intention to appoint appropriate lecturing staff upon accreditation of the programme.\line \line The evaluator acknowledged that mechanisms were in place to support and evaluate lecturing activities on the Rosebank and Stellenbosch campuses. This was supported by the observation that the IIE Central Academic Team \'28CAT\'29 used specialists on each site to monitor and evaluate\'2C as well as develop teaching competence of lecturing staff.\line \line The Directorate accepts that support mechanisms are in place to assist staff in improving their academic qualifications or their expertise as lecturers but remained concerned that evidence related to their academic fit was not adequately addressed. The Directorate agrees with the evaluator that academic staff component for this programme at the Rosebank campus does not meet minimum standards. The evaluator was further concerned that the intention of the institution to appoint appropriately qualified academic staff that comply with the HEQSF requirement of holding a qualification higher than the exit level of the programme is not guaranteed. The Directorate agreed with the evaluator that the institution does not meet the minimum standards regarding the academic staff complement. This meant that the institution could not \'E2\'80\'93with evidence- provide information regarding the staff\'3A student ratio\'2C nor demonstrate how this would be suitable for the programme. The Directorate would further argue that the institution cannot adequately demonstrate that the programme has an appropriate ratio of full-time to part-time staff. Nor can it demonstrate that the academic staff complement ensures that students are exposed to a diversity of academic experiences as required by the programme.  \line \line The evaluator noted that staff recruitment and appointments adhered to the Labour Relations Act and to conditions of service. The evaluator reviewed information provided against the minimum standards requesting evidence to demonstrate the size and seniority of the academic and support staff and considered the support staff as adequate and appropriate for this programme. \line \line The teaching and learning strategy used in the programme was in line with that of the institution. To support this\'2C the evaluator noted that the teaching and learning strategy formed part of a set of policies and which included the Quality Assurance Enhancement Policy\'2C the Assessment Strategy and Policy\'2C and the WIL Policy which together enabled the institution to apply a teaching and learning strategy aligned to the mission of the institution. \line \line The Teaching and learning strategy\'2C the evaluator noted\'2C combined formal and independent learning. Students registered for this qualification\'2C the evaluator noted\'2C would be in \'E2\'80\'9Ctwo classes\'E2\'80\'9D. One on the campus and then on the IIE Learn \'28The Blackboard BB based Learning Management System\'29. The evaluator was satisfied that that this teaching and learning strategy allowed students to self-pace their learning and use it iteratively as needed. Lecturers could monitor student engagement and progress.\line \line The teaching and learning strategy for this programme takes into account the competence level of students. The institution acknowledged that its admission requirements may be more flexible than other institutions and therefore meant providing additional support to ensure that students meet the required exit level outcomes. \line \line Appropriate mechanisms are in place to monitor student progress and identify at-risk students. Class attendance and submission of formative assessments was used in the contact mode for example. \line \line Appropriate policies are in place to inform formative and summative assessment methods. According to the evaluator the frequency and type of assessment was informed by the credit value and complexity of the module. Care is taken to ensure that students had a reasonable assessment load in each year. Formative assessment opportunities\'2C the evaluator observed were used to prepare students for the summative assessment requirements. The formative assessment techniques were made to suit the requirements of the module design and ranged from short questions\'2C essays\'2C scenarios and Portfolios of Evidence.\line \line The evaluator was satisfied moderators \'E2\'80\'93internal and external- were used to ensure consistency in marking. Appropriate policies\'2C the evaluator demonstrated\'2C were in place to guide internal assessment and external moderation.  External moderators were appointed for a period of three years as required. Student progress are monitored and appropriate policies for assessment of RPL are in place. Opportunities for development of staff competence in assessment are in place.\line \line The reliability\'2C validity and security of assessment practices are ensured. These mechanisms included the policy framework regulating assessment practices. The evaluator noted that results were recorded according to policy guideline and that mechanisms were in place to manage any disputes arising.\line \line The evaluator indicated that computers and related facilities are available on sites and that students have access to suitable IT technology and facilities for learning and research. Access to journal databases like EbscoHost\'2C Sabinet and Emerald Insights are available on campuses with library sites. On these sites\'2C a professional librarian are available to assist students and academic staff in their tasks. Sufficient and suitable library resources both on- and offline to complement the curriculum are available.\line \line The evaluator noted that national computer networking system connected sites\'2C hosted servers that guaranteed uptime and backup. This service\'2C the evaluator accepted\'2C was managed and serviced by full-time and part time IT staff.  The institution uses a centrally hosted a database structure- System for Academic Management- \'28SAM\'29 that provides academic and administrative support for this qualification and ensures the integrity of the certification processes. The evaluator notes that suitable systems are in place to record student academic and administrative related data and which also helps to identify students-at-risk.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Hospitality Management \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line The institution must demonstrate that the academic qualification of the academic staff are appropriate for this programme on its Rosebank campus\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line The institution must demonstrate that the academic staff responsible for this programme are of sufficient size and seniority\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line The institution must provide evidence that the academic staff has two or more years of experience in a recognised higher education environment\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line The institution must show that all academic staff employed in this programme are suitably qualified and hold an academic qualification that is higher than the exit level qualification of this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}