{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH13\'2FE032CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Rhodes University\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql BACHELOR OF EDUCATION IN SENIOR PHASE AND FURTHER EDUCATION AND TRAINING TEACHING\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 480\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 480\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 4 \'2F Part-time\'3A 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Drostdy Road\line Grahamstown\line 6140\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Rhodes University is a public higher education institution that has programmes that are accredited by the Council on Higher Education. \line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Bachelor of Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching programme which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at its main campus in Makhanda \'28formerly Grahamstown\'29. \line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of the following programme which are still in process\'3A \line - Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching - H\'2FH13\'2FE034CAN \'28Contact mode\'29\line - Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Foundation Phase Teaching- H\'2FH13\'2FE033CAN \'28Contact mode\'29\line - Bachelor of Education Honours - H\'2FH13\'2FE030CAN \'28Contact mode\'29 \line \line The Institution is currently offering a number of accredited programmes in the field of Education.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator found that the programme in terms of Criteria 5 and 6 needs of improvement and recommended that the programme should be accredited with conditions.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the application lists the fundamental\'2C core and elective modules with credits for each of years 1-4 in terms of requisite NQF levels. The learning outcomes\'2C the degree of curriculum choice\'2C the teaching and learning methods\'2C the modes of delivery and the learning materials cater for the learning needs of its projected student intake. \line \line The modules that constitute this 480-credit programme are described in the application in terms of the main content\'2C NQF level\'2C credit weighting\'2C year level and whether a module is compulsory or optional. All the modules will be offered via the contact mode of delivery and the rules of combination governing the doing of specific modules have been explicitly explained. The evaluator found that\'2C in general\'2C the modules are coherently planned in terms of purpose and learning outcomes. The design maintains and appropriate balance of theoretical\'2C practical and experiential knowledge and skills. The evaluator\'2C further\'2C pointed out that the programme will be presented in the part-time mode\'2C thus catering for people who do not have the financial resources to study full time and who are able to find employment as under-qualified teachers\'2C teaching interns or teaching assistants in schools. \line \line The Work-integrated Learning on this programme will draw on and develop students\'27 current work experience in schools. RU has a policy on curriculum development which ensures sufficient depth of content\'2C conceptual understanding and pedagogical learning that enables students to link theory with their own practice. \line \line Articulation routes are clearly indicated and on exit\'2C students can proceed to a BEd \'28Honours\'29 degree.\line \line The evaluator indicated that admission into the Bachelor of Education SP \'26 FET Teaching programme is subject to requirements articulated in the Policy on the Minimum Requirements For Teacher Education Qualifications \'28MRTEQ\'29 and the General Institutional Rules and Regulations of Rhodes University. Alternative access routes are clearly indicated for practicing educators without the required professional qualifications.  The aim is for an enrolment of approximately 125 students in this programme \'28total over all cohorts\'29. As cohorts complete\'2C new cohorts will be started to maintain this approximate enrolment. There is a possibility that the university will be approached by the National and\'2For Eastern Cape Department of Education for specific BEd cohorts aligned to their strategic objectives\'2C in which case Rhodes University will be willing to expand the enrolment to accommodate these needs. \line \line General procedures and guidelines for the recognition of prior learning \'28RPL\'29 are presented by the Institution. In the main\'2C the policy asserts that all evidence of prior learning will be compared against the stipulated outcomes of the module\'28s\'29 or qualification\'28s\'29 in respect of which the applicant is applying for\'2C however\'2C admission of students via the RPL route should not constitute more than 10 percent of the student intake for the programme. \line \line Regarding Criterion 5\'2C the Teaching and Learning Policy has been uploaded\'2C which\'2C according to the evaluator\'2C gives recognition to the importance of the promotion of student learning within a higher education context\'2C and this is adequately reflected across the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s policies and procedures\'2C resource allocation \'2C provisioning support services and marketing strategies. It is also noted that academic literacy and associated skills such as the effective use of ICTs and the university\'E2\'80\'99s library facilities are integrated into the design and content of each module rather than approached as a \'E2\'80\'98separate\'E2\'80\'99 issue. \line \line The evaluator\'2C furthermore\'2C pointed out that the programme incorporates a number of delivery modes\'2C although face to face contact takes up the majority of the formal teaching time. The types of learning activities for programmes include lectures \'28face to face contact\'29\'2C tutorials \'28individuals or groups\'29\'2C structured group activities \'28including co-operative learning\'29 used in subject specialism and generic modules\'2C independent self-study\'2C etc. An interactive co-operative teaching and learning method is adopted in each programme. The approach is student-centred and activity-based\'2C taking the students\'E2\'80\'99 prior knowledge and skills into consideration. Information on student support has been provided. There are also mechanisms in place to monitor student progress\'2C evaluate programme impact and effect improvements. \line \line Assessment of student learning is guided by the Institution\'27s Policy on Assessment which recognises that\'2C although assessment functions to measure learning\'2C it can also be used to guide and develop that learning. Both formative and summative assessment is designed to create an opportunity for students to demonstrate through a variety of procedures how they have grown as professionals. Summative assessment consists of written examinations at the end of each year that comply with the university policy of assessment\'2C the procedures and practices. \line \line The evaluator\'2C furthermore\'2C indicated that RU has an external examining policy which formalises what is accepted as good practice. The assessment results are first examined internally. Once the results have been consolidated\'2C scripts are sent to the external examiners. The assessment of student learning achievements is bench-marked at the exit level of the qualification and is subjected then to external examination by appropriately qualified academics. In addition the assessment policy\'2C makes provision for assessment training for lecturing staff members as well as ongoing refresher workshops on assessment related issues on a regular basis. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i BACHELOR OF EDUCATION IN SENIOR PHASE AND FURTHER EDUCATION AND TRAINING TEACHING \'28480 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}