{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH19\'2FE014CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Walter Sisulu University\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Mthatha Campus \line Walter Sisulu University\line Nelson Mandela Drive\line Mthatha Campus\line MTHATHA\line 5117\line \line Butterworth Campus\line Walter Sisulu University\line Faculty of Education\line Butterworth Campus\line Butterworth\line 4960\line \line Queenstown Campus\line Walter Sisulu University\line Faculty of Education and Leadership\line QUEENSTOWN\line 5320\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Walter Sisulu University is a Public Higher Education Institution and has programmes accredited by the Council on Higher Education \'28CHE\'29. \line \line The Institution is applying for accreditation of a Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching to be offered in Contact mode at the following campuses\'3A \line \line - Mthatha Campus \'28Walter Sisulu University\'3B Nelson Mandela Drive\'3B Mthatha\'29\'3B \line - Butterworth Campus \'28Walter Sisulu\'3B University Ibika\'3B Butterworth\'29\'3B and \line - Queenstown Campus \'28Nelson Mandela Drive\'3B Campus P\'2FB Xi\'3B Mthatha\'29. \line \line The WSU is accredited to offer a Bachelor of Education in Foundation Phase Teaching.\line \line The Institution had an Advanced Certificate in Education \'28Education Management and Leadership School Principal ship programme accredited by the CHE.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator found that Criteria 1 and 5 are in need of improvement and recommended that the programme should be accredited with conditions.\line The programme is consonant with the Vision of Walter Sisulu University \'28WSU\'29 to be a leading African comprehensive university focusing on innovative educational\'2C research\'2C and community partnership programmes that are responsive to local\'2C regional\'2C national development priorities. The PGCE \'28SP \'26 FET Teaching\'29 programme was approved by the Walter Sisulu University governance structures and is part of Walter Sisulu University\'3Fs PQM. There is a budget submitted which the evaluator thought is reasonable for offering this PGCE programme. Prospective teachers will be equipped to deal with a variety of contexts which include poverty\'2C diversity and lack of resources in schools. The programme will be responsive to local\'2C regional and national development priorities.  Also in line with the WSU mission\'2C the PGCE \'28SP \'26 FET Teaching\'29 will create a new generation of highly-skilled graduates capable of understanding and addressing complex societal challenges\'2C with critical scholarly and entrepreneurial attributes grounded on morally sound work ethics and responsible leadership. The programme will seek to strike a balance between Pedagogical learning\'2C Study of Education and its Foundations and School Based Experience \'28SBE\'29.  Compulsory modules\'3A Principles of Learning and Teaching\'3B\'288 credits\'29 School Based Experience \'5B 1st \'26 2nd Teaching Subjects\'5D \'2832 credits\'29\'3B Education Studies I\'2C II and III \'288 credits each\'29\'3B Psychology of Learning \'26 Teaching \'288 credits\'29\'3B Information and Communication Technologies \'28 4credits\'29 \'3B Conversational Sesotho \'28 4 credits\'29 These are aligned with the requirements of MRTEQ. The evaluator indicated that the modules complement each other as they address different aspects of teacher preparation. The following teaching and learning methods will be employed in the delivery of the programme\'3A lectures \'2840\'25\'29\'3B syndicate groups \'288\'25\'29\'3B practical workplace learning \'2827\'25\'29. independent self-study of standard texts and references \'2815\'25\'29\'3B and independent self-study of specially prepared material \'285\'25\'29 and other \'285\'25\'29. The evaluator also stated that students will be equipped with suitable assessment methods\'2Fstrategies for effective assessment in all teaching subjects. The SBE will provide students with experiential knowledge of classroom practice through structured and critical observation. The expected learning outcomes are aligned with the basic competences of a beginner teacher as gazetted in The Policy on Minimum Requirements for Teacher Education Qualification\'2C February 2015.  The PGCE \'28SP \'26 FET Teaching\'29 will afford graduates with an opportunity to articulate  vertically into the  Post Graduate Diploma in Education \'5B\'28PG Dip \'28Ed\'29 and  Bachelor of Education Honours \'28BEd Hons\'29\'3B and horizontally into  Advanced Diploma in Education \'5BAdv Dip \'28Ed\'29 and the Advanced Certificate in Teaching \'5BAdv Cert \'28Teaching\'29\'5D.  The evaluator noted that details of the procedures for developing and evaluating learning material is not explained in the application\'2C but the institution\'3Fs makes a commitment to continuous professional development of academic staff to support academic staff to develop learning materials. \line The evaluator indicated that the admission policy does provide MRTEQ compliant guidelines for admission into the PGCE including admission via the via Recognition of Prior Learning \'28RPL\'29 route\'2C which is supported by Walter Sisulu University RPL policy.  The admission requirements are in line with the degree of complexity of learning. The evaluator noted that\'2C although advertising and promotional material were not submitted\'2C all other documentation does contain accurate and sufficient information about the programme with regard to admission policies\'2C completion requirements and academic standards. A planned intake of 660 students across the three campuses for  the years 2020 to 2022 was furnished. The evaluator stated that the number of students to be admitted into the programme takes into account the needs of the teaching profession. \line The evaluator indicated that Walter Sisulu University has a Learning and Teaching Development Strategy that guides learning and teaching. The Teaching and Learning strategy seeks to provide for the alignment of the Walter Sisulu University vision and mission with the promotion of effective teaching practices within a conducive environment in order to promote increased throughput and retention in all academic programmes. The teaching and learning strategy of the PGCE \'28SP \'26 FET Teaching\'29 will follow a constructivist and enquiry-based perspectives and employs work-integrated and applied learning. Knowledge\'2C reflection\'2C connection\'2C synthesis\'2C research\'2C theory and practice\'2C are promoted. Students will be made aware of their collective roles and competences as future teachers in the SP and FET phases. A variety of learning and teaching methods including co\'3Foperative learning\'2C self- activity\'2C group discussions\'2C discovery method\'2C lectures\'2C presentations\'2C demonstrations\'2C practical application demonstrations\'2C video presentations\'2C case-studies\'2C classroom simulations\'2C outings\'2C academic visits\'2C and WiseUp.  WiseUp is an interactive\'2C electronic forum for teaching and assessment. The evaluator noted that WSU has a strategy in place for monitoring and tracking of student performance for improved pass rates. Teaching Development Grant Support and support services are provided such as library services where students are equipped with information literacy and data searches through data bases. It is also indicated that students are monitored by module lecturers in order to ensure that they continue to study in pursuit of the fulfillment of the requirements of the modules\'2Fcourses. When \'3Fat risk\'3F students are identified\'2C such as after a poor achievement mark in a task or test\'2C relevant staff members discuss and share information at departmental meetings so as to plan possible strategies to assist these students. \line The evaluator indicated that the Assessment and Moderation of Student Learning Policy provides the statutory framework\'2C rationale\'2C guiding principles and scope for assessment of student learning. The assessment strategy for the PGCE \'28SP \'26 FET Teaching\'29 programme will include a variety of options to demonstrate and provide evidence of practice\'2C based on the stated outcomes and the assessment criteria. The assessment strategy will include activities such as case studies\'2C problem solving assignments\'2C practice in simulated and in situ contexts\'2C projects\'2C written and oral presentations\'2C and so on.  At the programme and course\'2F modular level\'2C assessment is systematically and purposefully used to generate data for summative purposes \'28grading\'2C ranking\'2C selection\'2C predicting\'29\'2C formative and diagnostic purposes\'2C such as providing timeous feedback to inform teaching and learning and to improve curriculum and assessment practice. Assessment data are also used to examine student performance trends and to inform institutional academic planning.  The assessment evidence will include assignments\'2Ftasks and examinations\'2C providing evidence of the ability to apply knowledge to practice\'3B oral presentations will be observed in context to observe ability to communicate with comprehension\'3B and a portfolio of evidence reflecting insightful understanding between theory and practice\'2C experiences and skills acquired during School Based Experience \'28SBE\'29. All assessment will be internally moderated and exit level courses\'2Fmodules will be externally examined. Feedback from moderators and\'2For external examiners is forwarded to internal examiners for appropriate action and for use in improving teaching and learning.  The evaluator noted that the WSU Center for Learning and Teaching Development \'28CLTD\'29 provides regular professional and academic development for academics with regard to assessment  It is also noted that the University has put in place extensive mechanisms to ensure the integrity of data related to the academic profile of the students. All marks are securely captured on the ITS. Structures\'2C processes and policy are in place to ensure the confidentiality of examination papers\'2C and the examination itself. \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should be accredited.   \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}