{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 6th October 2020\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR917\'2FE004CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Moonstone Business School of Excellence \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Short-term Insurance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Head Office\line 25 Quantum Road\line Technopark\line Stellenbosch\line 7600\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Moonstone Business School of Excellence is a private higher education institution that is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has programmes accredited by the CHE. The Institution\'2C which was previously known as PSG Academy \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\'2C is provisionally registered with the DHET until 31 December 2020.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for accreditation of the Higher Certificate in Short-term Insurance which will be offered in the distance mode of delivery. \line \line The Institution currently has two registered sites at 1\'29 66 Corporate Office Park\'2C Die Hoewes\'2C Centurion\'2C and 2\'29 Technopark\'2C 25 Quantum Road\'2C Stellenbosch \'28Register of Private Higher Education Institutions\'3B DHET\'2C 17 March 2020\'29. It should be noted that\'2C on the Institution\'27s website \'28https\'3A\'2F\'2Fwww.mbse.co.za\'2Fqualifications\'2F\'3B accessed 28 May 2020\'29\'2C it appears that the Gauteng site of delivery is situated at \'22Brooklyn Forum\'2C Lobby 2\'2C 2nd Floor\'2C Bank Forum Building\'2C Corner Fehrsen \'26 Veale Street\'2C Brooklyn\'2C Pretoria\'22. It is also indicated on the website that the Institution offers FET and OQSF qualifications at these sites. The approved site of delivery in Gauteng should be confirmed. The Higher Certificate in Short-term Insurance is intended for offering at the Stellenbosch Head Office.\line \line The Institution previously applied for accreditation of the same programme which was not accredited. \line \line The Institution has also applied for accreditation of the Postgraduate Diploma in Financial Planning which is in process.\line \line The Institution may offer the following accredited programmes\'3A\line - Higher Certificate in Wealth Management \'28distance mode\'29 - fully accredited after seven conditions were met prior to commencement \'28CHE letter\'2C 12 November 2018\'29.\line - Advanced Certificate in Financial Planning \'28distance mode\'29 - fully accredited after eight conditions were met prior to commencement\'2C including the condition of a site visit \'28CHE letter\'2C 19 March 2019\'29.\line \line The above-mentioned distance learning programmes are accredited for offering at the Stellenbosch site \'28CHE letter\'2C 13 April 2018\'29. The above-mentioned qualifications are also offered in the contact mode of delivery \'28Register of Private Higher Education Institutions\'3B DHET\'2C 17 March 2020\'29. The Institution did not participate in the 2015 reaccreditation cycle as it had undergone a name change \'28from PSG\'29 and had not produced a graduated cohort for the contact programmes \'28CHE letter\'2C 24 April 2017\'29. \line \line Site visits were conducted in 2016 and 2018.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the application for the Higher Certificate in Short-term Insurance and was of the view that the application needed improvement in terms of Criteria 1\'2C 4\'2C 6\'2C 8 and Section C. The Directorate reviewed the application and found that some aspects related to the teaching and learning strategy\'2C as well as assessment\'2C needed clarification. \line \line The evaluator is of the view that the proposed HCert \'28Short-Term Insurance\'29 is consonant with the vision and mission of the Moonstone Business School of Excellence\'2C and forms part of institutional planning and resource allocation. The qualification was developed to improve the skills of students practicing in the short-term insurance industry who are required to identify a client\'E2\'80\'99s needs through a comprehensive risk analysis process and who are capable of developing a risk management plan that will assist the client to mitigate\'2C avoid and\'2For manage the identified insurance risks. \line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme design was acceptable. This programme consists of six compulsory modules of 20 credits each for a total credit value of 120. The evaluator notes that the outline of the modules\'2C the NQF levels\'2C together with the credits earned per module\'2C are clear and in line with the minimum of 120 credits required for a Higher Certificate programme as specified by the HEQSF. Each module is an independent study unit and students can do the modules in any order. Students must complete all the modules to be awarded the Higher Certificate in Short-term Insurance. The Directorate reviewed the module descriptors and found that the module outcomes and assessment criteria were clearly outlined in the module descriptors\'2C but no information on assessment or teaching and learning were included. While it is evident that the modules support the achievement of exit level outcomes at NQF Level 5\'2C it is not clear what is expected of students in terms of learning activities\'2C and assessment is not clear.\line \line Section 1.5 indicates that all the learning activities in this programme rely on independent learning. The evaluator indicated that the Institution did not indicate the mode of delivery for the learning activities. Given the fact that all the learning time has been assigned to independent learning\'2C it can be assumed that it is via distance education. Note that the Institution mentions\'2C in respect of Criterion 6\'2C that face-to-face sessions will be available for students to discuss any uncertainty regarding learning material and assessment. This is not evident from section 1.5 or in respect of Criterion 5. Since no contact learning is facilitated\'2C the use of face-to-face sessions for feedback and discussion must be verified.\line \line Opportunities for articulation have been delineated\'2C and the evaluator deems this acceptable. However\'2C the Directorate notes that the institution indicated that this HCert \'28Short-Term Insurance\'29 provides an opportunity for vertical articulation into an AdvCert \'28Financial Planning\'29. The Institution must provide evidence that the content and outcomes of this programme \'28focused on Short-Term Insurance\'29 provides sufficient theoretical depth to prepare students for studies on Financial Planning. Short-term insurance is one aspect of the financial and business field\'2C and not necessarily sufficient to equip students with the relevant knowledge and skills for financial planning.\line \line The admission and selection criteria adhere to current legislation and are commensurate with the programme\'E2\'80\'99s academic requirements. Admission via Recognition of Prior Learning is permitted and the RPL process is subject to the institutional RPL policy and procedures.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the Institution has sufficient staff that are suitably qualified to teach and support the programme. The submission indicates that only three full-time academics are assigned to this programme. It is not clear whether these academics will be responsible for this programme only\'2C or if they are responsible for other programme offered by this Institution. According to the enrolment plan\'2C the Institution plans to enrol 30 students for the first intake\'2C but this escalates to 150 students in Year 5. The Institution must indicate whether these staff members are assigned to teach in one or more programmes and whether three staff members will be sufficient to facilitate and support the programme. A qualified programme coordinator has been appointed. The roles and responsibilities of the programme coordinator are clear. Opportunities for staff development are available and supported. The Institution also has sufficient support and administrative staff to manage and support the programme.\line \line The evaluator is of the view that the teaching and learning strategy meets minimum requirements. However\'2C the Directorate is of the view that the teaching and learning strategy is not clearly formulated\'2C and not aligned to the reflection of learning activities in section 1.5. According to section 5.2\'2C the MBSE strives to create a student-centred learning environment. This is done by using technology-assisted approaches to teaching and learning to complement the traditional paper-based mode that forms the basis of conventional distance learning. Technology-assisted teaching and learning implies utilising a variety of online learning tools and interactions through virtual discussion forums and\'2For virtual lectures to improve the efficacy of teaching and learning. Furthermore\'2C the submission claims that students are provided with comprehensive study materials developed by subject specialists with experience in distance learning. Students are also given access to the Institution\'27s on-line learning platforms that will be utilised as a communication tool with and among students\'3B as a means to facilitate learning\'3B as a means to provide proactive and reactive student support\'3B as a means to provide students with additional material and learning activities\'3B and as part of the assessment process. Although this seems to be acceptable\'2C no evidence of study materials was available\'2C and the use of virtual lectures not evident from the learning activities in Criterion 1. The Institution should provide evidence of study materials to confirm the student-centred approach to teaching\'2C and provide details on the use of virtual lectures\'2C online discussions and other forms of online learning and student support. It should also review the percentage learning time assigned to learning activities in section 1.5 to reflect the teaching and learning strategy for the programme.\line \line Academic support and assistance are provided in various forms to the students registered for the programme. The Institution implements an \'E2\'80\'9CAt-risk Student Management Policy\'22 that stipulates the guidelines and actions to be taken by staff to support and assist registered students. A holistic approach is followed by proactively identifying and addressing factors that contribute to poor academic performance. \line \line The evaluator indicated that the assessment strategy needs improvement. Assessment in the HCert \'28Short-Term Insurance\'29 includes formative and summative assessment. Formative assessment includes online assignments and tests. Feedback on assessments are provided via the LMS. According to section 6.2\'2C face-to-face sessions will be available for students to discuss any uncertainty regarding learning material and assessments. The teaching\'2C learning and assessment strategy relies heavily on independent learning and online learning via the LMS. The use of face-to-face sessions for discussions seems like scheduled appointments with lecturers\'2C and not lectures. This section also refers to tutors and tutorial notes. It can be assumed that tutorials may be facilitated via an LMS\'2C but tutorials do not feature in the teaching and learning strategy\'2C or section 1.5. It is therefore not clear whether tutorials are used to facilitate learning or student support\'2C and to what extent it is used. \line \line In terms of summative assessment\'2C the submission states that summative assessments are invigilated. This suggests that students complete a written assessment under supervision. The module descriptors do not provide any information on assessment\'2C and information provided for criterion 6 is not clear on the number of invigilated summative assessments. The Institution must clarify the format of summative assessments\'2C how it will be invigilated and at which venues. Furthermore\'2C the evaluator is concerned because the Institution did not indicate the pass mark \'28or percentage\'29 required to pass modules\'2C and it is not clear whether a sub-minimum is required for students to participate in the summative examination.\line \line Internal moderation has been explained\'2C but external moderation has not been mentioned. It is merely indicated that a number of scripts are moderated after the summative assessment has been completed. As all six modules of this Higher Certificate are exit level modules\'2C each module needs to be externally moderated. From the information given in the submission\'2C external moderation is not clear. The evaluator indicated that the Institution established mechanisms to ensure the explicitness\'2C validity and reliability of assessment.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme meets minimum requirements for criterion 7. As far as the teaching and learning facilities in relation to this programme are concerned\'2C students have access to an online course environment which includes their study guides\'2C assessment and self-assessment activities\'2C recorded sessions\'2C chat and discussion sessions. In addition\'2C once registered\'2C students have access to a relevant online library with suitable content relating to short-term insurance. Students can also access the Moonstone online library which provides legislation updates and regular publications with updates on developments in the financial services sector.  \line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme needs improvement in terms of criterion 8 because the use of Moodle has not been clarified in the submission. with regard to criteria 5 and 6\'2C the Institution frequently refers to the LMS and electronic learning. It can be concluded that the Institution has adequate programme administrative services to offer\'2C manage and support the programme and students.\line \line In terms of the policies and procedures for distance education\'2C the evaluator is of the view that Section C needs improvement. Most of the reasons related to the concerns that were already noted in terms of teaching\'2C learning and assessment.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme must be accredited with conditions. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should be accredited with conditions.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Short-term Insurance \'28120 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The module descriptors include clear module outcomes and assessment criteria\'2C but no information on assessment or teaching and learning were included. The Institution must review the module descriptors and provide information on teaching\'2C learning and assessment to indicate how the teaching\'2C learning and assessment strategy is applied in all the modules.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. Section 1.5 does not indicate the mode of delivery for the learning activities. Information provided in respect of criterion 6 speaks to tutorials and face-to-face sessions. These are not reflected as learning activities in section 1.5. The Institution must review section 1.5 to align with the teaching\'2C learning and assessment strategies for the programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\'2C 5 \'26 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 3. The Institution should provide evidence of study materials to confirm the student-centred approach to teaching and provide details on the use of virtual lectures\'2C online discussions and other forms of online learning and student support. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1 \'26 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 4. The application indicates that this programme provides an opportunity for vertical articulation into an AdvCert \'28Financial Planning\'29. The Institution must confirm that the content and outcomes of this programme provides sufficient theoretical depth to prepare students for studies on financial planning.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 5. The Institution must indicate whether academic staff members are assigned to teach one or more programmes and whether three staff members would be sufficient to facilitate and support the programme \'28given the expected escalation in enrolment numbers\'29.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 6. The module descriptors do not provide any information on assessment and the number of invigilated summative assessments is not clear. The Institution should clarify the format of summative assessments\'2C how it will be invigilated and at which venues.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 6\'2C 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 7. The Institution should explain the external moderation of modules in the programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}