{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1060\'2FE002CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Peritum Agri Institute\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma Agriculture Production and Management\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 364\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 67 Olds Street\line Langenhoven Park\line Bloemfontein\line 9330\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Peritum Agri Institute is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is applying for accreditation of a Diploma Agriculture Production and Management which will be offered in the distance mode of delivery at Main Campus - Bloemfontein\line \line \line The Institution has also applied for accreditation of the following programmes which are still in process\'3A\line \line \line - Advanced Diploma Climate Smart Agriculture H\'2FPR1060\'2FE003CAN \'3F contact mode\line - Postgraduate Diploma in Entrepreneurial Sustainable Urban Agriculture H\'2FPR1060\'2FE001CAN - contact mode\line \line This is the first application from the Institution.\line \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The Directorate recommends that the programme is not accredited.\line The evaluator indicated that the Diploma Agriculture Production and Management has various shortcomings\'2C in terms of programme design\'2C intellectual credibility and the institution lacks in terms of staffing and infrastructural provisioning. A site visit is imperative\'2C should accreditation be considered in the future.\line \line The evaluator noted that the Peritum Agri Institute is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE. However\'2C the Institution claims that it is \'3FA higher education institution whose programmes has been accredited by the HEQC and is registered by the Department of Education as a private higher education institution\'3F. In fact\'2C Peritum Agri Institute is a private institution that has hitherto been mostly implementing programmes accredited by a SETA at the appropriate NQF levels. It is very critical therefore that appropriate evidence should be available that it has been properly registered by DHET to offer programmes at NQF levels higher than five \'285\'29. The Institution is applying for accreditation of a Diploma Agriculture Production and Management in contact mode of delivery at Main Campus \'3F Bloemfontein. This is relevant because\'2C as will be seen in later sections of this application\'2C the mode of delivery for a Diploma Agriculture Production and Management would require some basic infrastructure and set up which may not easily be delivered in the distance mode. This assessment was thus conducted using the details that the application information provided. It is however important that\'2C since this is the first application from the Institution\'2C the CHE should read this report in the light and context of the above contradictions.\line It is not however clear how the programme fits with the mission that states that the institution \'3Fdesigns a sustainable future for Agriculture through future-ready skills training\'3F because there is nothing in the programme that attests to this. The rest of the mission is quite vague in respect of the programme under consideration. The motivation for the programme seems to that it will help to provide new approaches to the challenges of food security but there is nothing in the curriculum that suggests this.\line It is also clear that the institutional mission targets \'3Forganisations\'3F by helping them shape their workforce in such a way that people emerge more productive and get a better understanding of the future challenges their people face. It then redesigns work environments and creates unique learning pathways\'2C to train people in skills they actually need. The application should have made these aspects clear and give some background on how they have been achieving this in the other programmes they run.\line The rationale for the programme is noble and has been indicated as \'3Ftraining and upskilling of new farmers to ensure that sustainably increase food production and the ability of farmers to earn a living\'2C while protecting or restoring the environment\'3F. The seems to be the basis for the programme but the curriculum does not seem to reflect these sentiments.\line The application further states the \'3Fin addition to corporate HR management solutions and corporate development\'2C we offer learner ships from NQF 2 to NQF 5\'2C as well as a diploma in Agriculture \'28Agri SETA\'29 and a diploma in Generic Management \'28Services SETA\'29\'3F. As indicated above\'2C it is important to establish whether the institution is permitted to offer higher NQF level qualifications outside the Agri SETA. The application also indicates that the institute has established the Land Bank Learning Academy\'2C and its subsequent accreditation as Skills Development Provider with the DHET and the AgriSETA-the relevance of this to the application is not clear. In short\'2C the mission of the Institution mentions a lot of \'3Fnice\'3F things but its alignment to the programme being applied for accreditation is not well articulated. \line The application mentions several policy documents and indicates that these are the specific institutional policy documents that guided the \'3Fprocess\'3F\'2C the nature of which remains unclear. It is stated that the envisaged student intake will not exceed more than 120 candidates per annum. It is not clear what informed this number.\line The application states that \'3Fit will create opportunities for access through the delivery of the programme\'2C supplemented by ample contact sessions\'2C thereby allowing new and existing farmers\'2C and students who are unable to enter into full-time contact study\'2C to further their careers\'3F. It is not clear from this what is meant by \'3Fsupplemented by ample contact sessions\'3F in terms of delivery-does this mean it is distance\'3F And what is the typology of farmers being referred to\'3F The above is confusing as it gives the impression this is a distance programme but the application indicates contact.\line The articulation options for this qualification vertically is to an Advanced Diploma\'2C diagonally to a Bachelor\'3Fs Degree or horizontally to a cognate Advanced Certificate. But can this institution offer this articulation to Bachelors\'3F The modules in the programme are all set at NQF level 6 although some of them do not show any knowledge progression from NQF level 5 that the institute offers. After all\'2C the content of these modules is not much different from those the Institution offers at the national Diploma level. The programme modules entail management \'2845\'25\'29\'2C animal production \'2827\'25\'29 and crop production \'2818\'25\'29. It is clear that the content is biased towards animal production although the term agriculture is used. There areas of crop production that should have been reflected such as cropping\'2Ffarming systems\'2C soil fertility management\'2C horticulture\'2C soil conservation\'2C etc. that could be integrated to balance the disciplines. The combination of content of some modules could be improved e.g. Irrigation and harvesting\'3B Plant Physiology and Soil systems seem odd.\line Fifty-one percent \'2851\'25\'29 of the learning activities of the programme involve independent study. It is clear that too much weighting is placed on self-learning of reading materials. For a Diploma\'2C one would have expected this emphasis to be on practical workplace experience which is weighing 23\'25. This may corroborate the impression that this programme is designed for a distance rather than contact delivery mode. In section 1.6\'2C the purpose of this qualification has been stated as to allow Junior Farm Managers to progress towards a Farm Manager position with specific reference to Agriculture Production and Management. This is should have been made clear in the programme motivation. It is also clear that the programme talks only to Animal production in this section. The application keeps mentioning \'3Fareas of specialization\'3F but the curriculum does not reflect such. Which are these areas of specialization \'28animal production and plant production\'3F\'29 how does one specialize\'3F The curriculum does not provide for such since all modules are compulsory. What constitutes a \'3Fcore\'3F and \'3Ffundamental\'3F modules in this programme. There are no prerequisites even though one module WIL Agri Practice has parts I and II. Some of the intended outcomes presented are not measurable. The learning outcomes for the experiential learning are not measurable\'2C or at least it is not explained. Furthermore\'2C in terms of monitoring this activity\'2C only 30\'25 of the students will be visited. Is this sufficient\'3F Also the industry supervisor report for this activity needs to be structured\'3F It is not what is meant and in what way\'28s\'29 are \'3Fall the modules vocationally focused\'3F.\line The following documents have been uploaded in support of this criterion\'3A Policy for the development of learning programmes.docx \'28Policy for the development of learning materials\'29\'3B Budget for development of learning programmes.xlsx \'28Budget for the development of learning materials\'29\'3B Employer request for WIL.docx \'28Contract arrangement with business for experiential learning\'29\'3B WIL policy.docx \'28Experiential learning policy\'29\'3B Outline Diploma Agri Production and Management.docx \'28Outline and outcomes of all modules\'29\'3B SAQA Qualification Template DIP.docx \'28SAQA submission\'29\'3B Reading list DIP.docx \'28List of prescribed and recommended readings\'29\'3B Programmes offered by Peritum Agri Institute.docx \'28Any other documentation which will indicate your compliance with this criterion.\'29\line \line The admission requirements into the programme adheres to the current legislation within the higher education sector. These have been specified as a NSC with appropriate subject combinations and levels of achievement\'3B a NC \'28V\'29 with appropriate subject combinations and levels of achievement\'3B a Higher Certificate in a cognate field\'2C and\'2C an Advanced Certificate in a cognate field. As a strategy of widening access to the programme\'2C the application indicates that admission will also be granted to students who possess a Gr 12 NSC\'2C or equivalent\'2C achieved 40\'25 in Math\'2C or 60\'25 in Math Lit and 50\'25 in English FAL\'2FFLC. It further provides for students who marginally miss these minimum requirements by using a bridging programme. No details of such a programme were provided.\line The programme also provides for the use of RPL to grant access to the programme for students who may not meet all the above requirements. The RPL policy of the institute has been outlined and the procedures well-articulated. Other appropriate strategies for promoting and widening access to the programme have been cited as\'3A credit transfer for relevant modules from recognized institutions\'3B targeted marketing to alumni and industry partners\'3B considering students with related qualifications and marketing to schools and media.  An elaborate marketing strategy has been outlined to include various media.\line The intake has been capped at 120 new entrants per year. It is confusing however when the application indicates that the admission will be capped at 40 students per class group. This may imply that the class will be divided into groups of 40 but it not clear why and when this would be done. Institutional capabilities allow for multiple\'2C staggered intakes per annum\'2C and the academic year of each New Group will coincide with the start of a semester\'2C but it is not clear how this will be operated in respect of the curriculum since there are no electives in the curriculum. There is need to clarify how this will operate. The bases for such an enrolment plan of new students per annum is not given. The plans of the institution for providing supplementary support to students once they are admitted to the programme have not been identified. The use of peer mentors\'2C learning communities and living and learning environment as support tools is recommended. It would have been helpful if a brief explanation of how these can be incorporated into this programme \'28both in class and field\'29. \line The following documents have been uploaded in support of this criterion\'3A Student Admission Policy.doc \'28Admission policy for this programme\'29\'3B RPL.docx \'28RPL policy\'29\'3B PERITUM application.docx \'28Selection criteria and procedures\'29\'3B General rules.docx \'28Admission requirements\'29.\line \line The institutional profile indicated that there are five \'285\'29 academic staff and nine \'289\'29 management staff. Apart from this number being low for such a programme and numbers of students at the institute\'2C the profile of academic staff is skewed \'2880\'25 white\'2C 20\'25 colored\'29. There is no black academic member of staff at the institution but blacks make 75\'25 of the support staff. This is consistent with the student profile that shows 74\'25 white\'2C 19\'25 black\'2C 6\'25 coloured and 2\'25 Indian. There is a need to vigorously pursue equity in this institution. The programme information indicates that there will be five part-time lecturers who will contribute to the programme. The indications are that most of the lecturers are in the management component of the programme and few in the production aspects. All the staff in the programme hold the required minimum qualifications \'28one level above that of programme\'29 and have appropriate experience to teach on the programme. The vice-chancellor of the institute is also a lecturer. It is important to audit and monitor the teaching staff to ensure that enough contact is given to the students. It was difficult to verify the elements of this criterion because even though the data of the academic staff at the institute could be established\'2C it was not possible to link them to the teaching on this programme specifically.\line The programme should however be recommended for having already identified a programme coordinator. The roles and responsibilities of this leader are clearly stated. This is good practice and important for the effective and efficient implementation of the programme. \line The application claims that the institute makes provision for opportunities for academic staff to enhance their competences and to support their professional growth and development in the interest of programme quality. This could not be verified. With respect to staff workload\'2C the application indicates that the academic staff members \'28full time and part-time\'29 can handle \'3F40 per class group\'2C paired with the delivery model of scheduling block sessions\'2C the institute has calculated that it could easily increase the intake to 320 students per annum without creating timetable clashes. It is not clear how this will distribute a fair workload that will allow responsible student support services and interventions. The development of support staff has not been outlined.\line The following documents have been uploaded in support of this criterion\'3A Various staff CV\'3Fs\'3B QMM.docx  \'28Staff development policy\'29\'3B WSP Peritum.pdf \'28Workplace Skills Plan \'28WSP\'29\'3B Minimum standards.docx \'28Minimum standards\'29.\line \line The institution has a staff recruitment policy that regulates procedures. This policy outlines the labour legislations that are relevant. As has been indicated under Criterion 3 above\'2C the size and seniority of the staff associated with this programme are not clear. The indication is that all the staff associated with this programme were above the minimum in terms of qualification and experience. It is also indicated that the institution will attach support staff on this programme and that they are appropriately trained and experienced in this field of study. These support staff were said to be specialists and skilled in the following technical areas\'3A eVision\'2C ITC support\'2C moodle administrator\'2C paySpace\'2C Marketing and graphic design\'2C office administration and student liaison\'2C distance education and administration. \line The Institution indicates that the support staff\'3Fs knowledge and skills are regularly updated but the nature of approaches or strategies used remains obscure. The institutional quality assurance office needs to verify the complement of the staff in this program\'2C as the institutional information indicates that there are four support staff who are mostly doing administrative\'2Fmanagement tasks. Support staff are an important component of this programme especially for the contents of Crop and Animal production which requires practical work.\line The following documents have been uploaded in support of this criterion\'3A QMM.docx \'28Conditions of service\'29\'3B QMM.docx \'28Staff recruitment policy\'29\'3B QMM.docx \'28Example of contracts with academic staff\'29\'3B QMM.docx \'28Staff equity policy\'29\'3B Peritum Organogram.pptx \'28Organogram\'29\'3B Implementation Plans.docx \'28Attach implementation plans if applicable\'29.\line \line The institutions mission is to \'3Fdesign a sustainable future for agriculture through future-ready skills training\'3F and that the qualification will provide industry-ready individuals in agricultural education. The programme wants to create opportunities for access for new and existing farmers\'2C and students who were not able to enter into full-time contact study to further their careers in agriculture. The application indicates that this programme will be implemented exclusively on a part time basis supplemented by ample contact sessions. It is not very clear what this means and implications thereof in terms of the completion time and teaching strategies. It would appear that the teaching strategies adopted by the programme are consistent with distance learning while the accreditation is for a contact teaching. This contradiction needs to be cleared and the strategies aligned and fit-for-purpose. It has already been espoused in criterion 1 that the design of the programme seems to be for distance than contact learning. Although the application is for contact mode\'2C the application twice explains its teaching and learning strategies in terms of \'3Fmixed mode\'3F.\line In terms of the teaching methods\'2C mode of delivery and materials development strategies the application indicates that the programme will be offered through mixed mode\'2C which incorporates the use of contact teaching\'2C complimented by interactive ICT tools\'2C tutorials\'2C practical work\'2C independent self-study and workplace-integrated learning. The contact sessions include block weeks of theory\'2C block sessions for practical work\'2C tutorials\'2C independent self-study and interactive ICT sessions via Moodle. It is not clear how the practicals will be implemented and who will be responsible. It is not clear how the WIL will be implemented and assessed. The teaching methods to achieve the above have been listed as brainstorming\'2C case-based small-group discussion\'2C demonstration\'2C independent study\'2C large Group discussion\'2F question and answer\'2C lecture\'2Fpresentation\'2C supervision. The issue is whether the institution has infrastructure and technical staff to support the teaching of these practical subjects rather than just emphasize on theory. What kind of teaching materials will be developed to provide this hands-on practical touch\'3F It would seem that the teaching will rely on digital media to deliver the material.\line The programme can provide the academic support programmes and assistance that students need. The support mechanisms include\'2C among others\'2C provision of appropriately-qualified\'2C experienced staff for consultation by students\'2C provision of an administrative coordinator special Monday Reports\'2C tutors\'2C software \'28on DVDs and Moodle\'29\'2C  and other media. It does not mention anything about student counselling and academic development. \line The mechanisms to monitor student progress have been given as using a LMS \'28Moodle\'29\'2C to continuously track student activity and results \'28marks\'29. It does not present any strategies in place to evaluate programme impact and effect improvement. There should be more tools used to monitor student progress in this programme rather than just marks due to the nature of the programme which also includes practice and WIL. The quality of teaching and learning will be monitored by means of feedback from students and lecturers\'2C and after moderation reports have been consolidated. Moderation of lecturer marking is planned. Academic coordinators of each of the modules will be required to train assistant tutors for marking purposes. The programme has also identified strategies to identify and deal with inactive students. At-risk students are identified as students who have failed more than one assignment\'2C or who have fallen behind schedule with the submission of formative and summative assignments.\line The following documents have been uploaded in support of this criterion\'3A Budget for development of learning programmes.xlsx \'28Budget for the support and development of teaching and learning\'3B Instandhouding 2018_2019.xlsx \'28Budget for the support and development of teaching technologies\'29\'3B Approach to Teaching and Learning.docx \'28The teaching and learning policy of the institution\'2Ffaculty\'29\'3B Outline Diploma Agri Production and Management.docx \'28Module outlines\'2C student guides\'2C and programme handbooks\'29\'3B Approach to Teaching and Learning \'28all\'29.docx\'3B Monitoring and Evaluation guide.docx \'28Policy for the monitoring and evaluation of teaching and learning or equivalent\'29.\line \line The assessment policy of the institution in relation to the programme has been provided. The types of assessment include formative and summative and tests\'2Fassignments\'2Fprojects determined on a module basis. Various tools to be used in the assessment of the programme are described\'2C e.g. Individual and Group formative assessment assignments\'2Ftasks\'2Fpractical\'2Ftests\'2C and various others.\line The approaches to internal and external moderation\'2F examination of module assessment has been outlined. External moderation will be done in a cycle of three years for the exit-level major modules. Feedback from these will be used to inform adaptation and improvement of the modules. Assessment Portfolios sent to \'28internal and external\'29 moderators will be analyzed in order for the statistics to provide a picture of the performance of the students per module. Moderators will also evaluate the marking of the tutors for consistency and reliability. Their reports will be used by the Peritum Quality Assurance Unit to follow up. Internal moderation of modules\'2C test papers\'2C examination papers and student scripts will be done for all the modules of the programme. Feedback informs the adaptation and improvement of the modules. Assessment for experiential learning has been designed\'3A Assessment tools \'28questionnaires\'2C reports\'2C log books\'2C journals\'2C presentations\'2C etc.\'29 will generate sufficient forms of evidence required for reporting \'28competence in the classroom and competence in industry\'29. Site visits will be performed by lecturers\'2C and relevant industry specialists will also submit their evaluations. Satisfactory processes and mechanisms to provide feedback to students on assessment tasks have been provided. The use of detailed memorandum has been lauded as a mechanism to ensure the explicitness\'2C validity and reliability of assessment practices\'3F\line The strategies to improve staff competence in assessment have been identified as including lecturer orientation programme at the beginning of every academic year. \line A lecturer session will be conducted approximately two weeks prior to the offering of a module. It is during these sessions that module-specific issues\'2C including facilitation and assessments will be discussed and finalized. At least 10\'25 \'28minimum of 5 scripts per group\'29 of a particular summative assessment activity \'28e.g. examination\'29 will be internally moderated and reported on.\line The process for recording assessment results and settling disputes in relation to assessment results has been well outlined. Assessment results will be captured onto marks sheets and uploaded on the institutional database for verification by an administrator. The marks sheet is scanned and saved onto the module\'3Fs database for future referencing and retrieval. A grievance procedure flow diagram guides students and lecturers in cases of disputes is also provided. \line The following documents have been uploaded in support of this criterion\'3A WIL policy \'28all\'29.docx \'28Experiential learning assessment and monitoring policy\'29\'3B Uploads vir HEQC DIP.zip\'3B General Regulations.docx\'3B Assessment Strategy.docx \'28Assessment policy\'29\'3B RPL.docx \'28RPL policy\'29.\line \line The application indicates that the programme has three teaching venues that can accommodate 60\'2C 16 and 12 students respectively. The narrative given is that the programme will use blocks to teach and thus be able to accommodate the student\'3Fs enrolment during contact weeks. It is however not clear how such an arrangement can take care of all the students in different years and also those enrolled in other programmes that the institution offers. There is need for a proper audit and verification on this. Another concern relates to the availability of laboratory or special equipment required for the programme. The application suggests that the programme does not need any laboratory. This is misleading as many of the modules \'28Crop and animal production\'29 do need such. Instead\'2C the application further states that \'3Fthe e equipment for practical demonstrations and training \'28for the Plant production specializations\'29 are provided by John Deere Sub-Saharan Africa by means of a cooperation agreement\'3F. There are two challenges to this\'3A firstly\'2C the equipment is required not only for plant production but also for animal production\'3B secondly\'2C it is not clear whether the company John Deere Sub-Saharan Africa has enough equipment for both fields and whether this will be available at the required time and there is a person\'28s\'29 to provide support to students during the classes. This aspect of the training needs to be well audited and verified and the CHE should satisfy itself to the effect that practical training can be satisfactorily given by this company. Otherwise\'2C the programme will be severely compromised.\line Similarly\'2C the IT infrastructure seems inadequate and not easily accessible to especially students. This needs to be verified. In the case of library\'2C the institution does not have one but use ad hoc membership to the UFS Sasol Library. It is not clear how well this library is equipped with agricultural material and how easy access it will be to students. For the diploma\'2C prescribed resources will be duplicated selectively\'2C attached to study guides\'2C and copyright acknowledged by means of a transactional license with DALRO. The application states that acquisition of e-books will receive preference to provide off-campus students ease of and equal access This is of concern as students may not be able to have access to reference materials. The institution is intending to develop an agriculture-focused resource centre and a budget seems to be allocated to this.\line The following documents have been uploaded in support of this criterion\'3A Instandhouding 2018_2019.xlsx \'28Financial plan for the maintenance and upgrading of infrastructure\'2Fresources\'29\'3B Budget for development of learning programmes.xlsx \'28Proposed or actual library holdings\'2Fbudget specific to programme\'29\'3B  Budget for development of learning programmes.xlsx \'28Proposed or actual library holdings\'2Fbudget specific to programme\'29\'3B Specialized equipment.docx \'28Specialized equipment or infrastructure specific to this programme\'29\'3B OHS certificate.pdf \'28Occupational Health and Safety Certificate\'29\'3B Lease agreement.pdf \'28Are the facilities owned by the institution\'29\line \line The institutional information and the programme implementation plan show that sufficient and effective administrative structures have been put in place to manage the systems dealing with the programme. The necessary policies that would ensure the integrity of processes leading to the qualification obtained by the students are in place and have been provided. The programme has already identified a coordinator to handle the provision of the services required. There is evidence of availability of management information systems to support the management of teaching and learning at the institution. However\'2C information on the availability of adequate IT infrastructure \'28hardware and software\'29 in relation to staff and students is not provided. There are no details of the nature of the support services allocated to the unit that will implement the programme. Sufficiency of training provided to both staff and students in IT and usage of the library and other resource facilities have been provided. The institute uses The LMS \'28Moodle\'29 to manage student and staff information such as biography\'2C performance application\'2C selection\'2C acceptance\'2C registration\'2C progress\'2C examination\'2C graduation\'2C finance and HR.  The institute has an established Advisory Board that meets bi-annually. \line The following documents have been uploaded in support of this criterion\'3A DHET PHEI application.pdf \'28List of programmes indicating the registration status with the DoE\'29\'3B Programmes offered by Peritum Agri Institute.docx \'28List of accredited HE programmes with proof of registration of qualifications with SAQA\'29.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma Agriculture Production and Management \'28364 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\'2C 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\'2C 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The academic staff complement of five \'285\'29 is considered low especially considering that the classes \'28for this and other programmes of the institute\'29 will be implemented in blocks\'3B part-time staff from other institutions may not resolve this problem. The institute does not have technical \'2Fsupport staff in the areas of plant and animal production to implement practicals in the practice modules \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The accreditation status of the Institution with CHE is suspect\'2C in light of its hitherto SETA involvement\'3B so too are there questions about the level of the envisaged programme offering \'28NQF 6\'29 \'E2\'80\'93 these matters should be verified by the CHE\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The availability of infrastructure at the institute that can service the programme especially in its practical aspects seems problematic. The teaching blocks \'3F and to some extent\'2C the teaching mode and strategy \'3F may have been design to deal with the inadequate infrastructural setting. Also\'2C a Diploma in Agriculture needs practicals for hands-on training\'2C but the Institution appears to have no such facilities. Reliance on as outside company for the latter is not sustainable and may endanger the quality of the programme \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The curriculum is problematic in respect of\'3A \'28i\'29 balance in content of the Agricultural component \'28Plant vs Animal modules\'29 and attention to the plant production components \'28ii\'29 the weighting of teaching and learning activities\'2Fstrategies in relation to the practical and WIL components and to avoid over-emphasis on self-study\'3B \'28 c\'29 the rules of combination within modules are not clearly specified nor are the intended areas of \'3Fspecialization\'3F clear \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The institute does not have a library of its own \'28even the resource center is not yet in place\'29 but relies on libraries at other institutions and eBooks \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The Institution failed to clearly describe a contact delivery mode programme\'3B its reliance on the outdated \'3Fmixed mode\'3F format is inappropriate\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The target group of the programme is not clear\'2C indicating variously farmers\'2C managers\'2C workers of organizations and school leavers \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The WIL is said will be arranged by the students but this may pose a challenge to some students and should rather be properly administered by and through the Institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}