{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH07\'2FE165CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql University of Johannesburg\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Master of Cognitive Science\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 9\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 180\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 180\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Kingsway Campus\line Cnr Kingsway and University Road\line Auckland Park\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The University of Johannesburg \'28UJ\'29 is a public higher education institution with programmes that are accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Master of Cognitive Science programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 19th \'E2\'80\'93 21st November 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 14th of February 2019.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A \line \line 1. The Institution has submitted a programme that has critical design weaknesses where the module outcomes and the exit level outcomes \'28ELOs\'29 of the programme are not explicitly linked.\line \line 2. The Institution has not provided concrete evidence of links or collaborative linkages with the mentioned institutions or academics from the Institutions with which they will collaborate on this programme\'2C since their supposed potential contributions to teaching and learning on this programme are part of its focus.\line \line 3. The rationale of the programme does not demonstrate the use of recent sources and the lack of acknowledgement of the source mentioned indicates plagiarism from a 1996 academic publication.\line \line 4. The Institution has not used up to date reading as part of the reading lists so as to be more relevant with recent developments particularly in the Neurosciences.\line \line 5. The Institution has not included some laboratory placement in the programme\'2C which will accord students closely supervised hands-on experience with the learning material as the structure of the programme suggests that there will be some significant laboratory work involved\'2C however\'2C this is missing in the design.\line \line NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A The Institution should ensure that \'28or its Quality Assurance provide a specific declaration in this regard\'29 that this specialist programme has suitably qualified personnel \'28who are in some cases difficult contract full-time\'29. Proof that staff members are available for teaching on this programme can be requested at any time when necessary in order to assess whether there is capacity to offer the programme. \line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the original application made\'2C the first evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report\'2C the recommendation by the HEQC not to accredit the programme and the representations made by the Institution and concluded that the programme should not be accredited. The evaluator argued that the reasons for non-accreditation have not been properly addressed in the representation\'2C primarily since the Institution has instead of amending the previously submitted qualification\'2C it has submitted a new qualification\'2C namely a Master\'E2\'80\'99s degree in Artificial Intelligence instead of in Cognitive Science. A number of other issues \'28such as the composition of the curriculum\'2C rules of combination\'2C reading lists\'2C and so on\'29 could also not be verified in view of the submission of a new rather than an amended programme.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the programme had critical design weaknesses because the module outcomes were not clearly linked to the exit level outcomes. The evaluator found that UJ has uploaded a document which shows linkages\'2C in a table form\'2C between the different modules and their exit-level outcomes. Although the links between the modules and the exit outcomes appear to be acceptable\'2C the response is problematic because the modules are not the same modules as those that were presented in the original application\'2C and the exit-level outcomes are thus related to some new areas of research \'28e.g. Experimental methods in Artificial Intelligence\'2C Human Computer Interaction\'2C Computational Modelling\'29 that were not included in the initial submission. \line \line In addition\'2C some of the core disciplines \'28Psychology and Philosophy\'29 have become electives in the amended set of modules. UJ explained in its response that the modules were changed to reflect a change in the aims of the programme\'2C because they want to amend the name and the focus of the qualification from \'E2\'80\'9CCognitive Science\'E2\'80\'9D to \'E2\'80\'9CArtificial Intelligence\'E2\'80\'9D. However\'2C this is a new domain of research because although Artificial Intelligence is one of the fields traditionally linked to Cognitive Science \'28together with Cognitive Psychology\'2C Philosophy of the mind\'2C Linguistics and Neuroscience\'29 there are important differences between the two areas of research. Cognitive Science is an interdisciplinary field that has the main objective of investigating the human mind whereas Artificial Intelligence is typically viewed as a sub-field of Computer Science aimed at developing intelligent systems\'2C and it is now closely related to machine learning \'28deep learning and re-inforcement learning\'29.\line \line The evaluator concluded that the Institution has not satisfactorily addressed this reason\'2C as it reverted to devising new modules and changing the name of the field to Artificial Intelligence\'2C rendering a new rather than an amended programme. \line \line The Institution presents a new programme that is different in three important respects from the previous submission\'2C namely\'3B \line \'281\'29 In current approaches to Artificial Intelligence the emphasis is on theory as well as applications and students have to be exposed to essential mathematics \'28e.g. discrete mathematics\'29 and programming techniques \'28e.g. python\'29\'2C whereas cognitive science has generally a more theoretical and experimental approach \'28see e.g. Bermudez\'2C 2014\'29. Hence\'2C as UJ has now changed the main focus of the approach to Artificial Intelligence\'2C they should submit a new application in which the rationale\'2C design\'2C entry requirements\'2C teaching strategies\'2C and career possibilities associated with Artificial Intelligence are set out\'2C because the amended programme now targets a significantly different field of research and application. \line \line \'282\'29 The Institution contends that it is important to develop the field of Artificial Intelligence in South Africa\'2C but an MSc degree in Artificial Intelligence is already offered at the University of the Witwatersrand \'28i.e. in close proximity to UJ\'29.  Furthermore\'2C courses in Artificial Intelligence are also offered at some Computer Science departments in South Africa. The evaluator is of the view that the Cognitive Science application actually had a better justification\'2C because there are currently no Master-level programmes in Cognitive Science at South African universities.\line \line \'283\'29 The Institution should either submit a new application for programme accreditation for a Master\'E2\'80\'99s degree in Artificial Intelligence\'2C or it should supply more details to show how Cognitive Science and Artificial Intelligence are coherently combined in the amended programme so that the proposed qualification covers both fields in a meaningful manner.   There are courses combining Artificial Intelligence and Cognitive Science \'28e.g. at Tilburg university\'2C Netherlands\'29 but then these programmes are purposefully designed and does justice to both areas. \line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the lack of evidence of links or collaborative linkages of institutions that will collaborate with the UJ team on the programme was required because the contributions from these institutions would form part of the teaching and learning input to the programme.  The evaluator found that UJ contends that collaborations with other institutions are planned but that they will only \'E2\'80\'9Cengage\'E2\'80\'9D with the institutions once the programme is accredited. They further maintain that the Institute for Intelligent Systems at UJ will be affiliated with the programme. Most of the staff members of the Institute of Intelligent Systems have been educated in Engineering\'2C and that there are currently no staff members from Psychology\'2C Philosophy or Neuroscience who are explicitly involved in the Institute. However\'2C there is one associate working on a thesis in Artificial Intelligence. The evaluator concluded that the reason was addressed\'2C but notes that while the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s reluctance to engage with external academics or researchers before the programme is accredited is understandable\'2C it should at least have indicated that it has initiated dialogue with some external institutions\'2C and that the planning of the programme was done in consultation with some external institutions to ensure that it will offer viable career possibilities in the South African job market for prospective students.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the rationale of the programme did not sufficiently reflect the use of recent literature and some of the text in the application were plagiarized from a 1996 publication.  The evaluator found that UJ acknowledges that it made \'E2\'80\'9Creference\'E2\'80\'9D to the Stanford Encyclopaedia of Philosophy\'2C and they have rewritten their \'E2\'80\'98rationale\'E2\'80\'99 for what they now call the \'E2\'80\'9CMaster of Artificial Intelligence\'E2\'80\'9D degree. The evaluator concluded that the reason was not adequately addressed since a very general description of Artificial Intelligence as a research area\'2C and some relevant reading material associated with this field\'2C were presented. The initial core areas of Cognitive Science \'28Cognitive Psychology\'2C Neuroscience\'2C and Philosophy\'29 are now just electives in the revised reference list. The amended reference list is thus mostly irrelevant to the objection regarding the original Master in Cognitive Science application.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the reading list of the programme is somewhat dated and does not adequately capture recent developments specifically in Neuroscience.  The evaluator found that the Institution explained that the programme was submitted quite long ago \'282017\'29\'2C and it undertakes to ensure that literature reflecting current theory and research about the programme will be made available to students. The Institution claims that the UJ library is well supplied with relevant reading material. The evaluator concluded that the reason was not adequately addressed since it was difficult to make sense of the updated recommended reading list without more information on the specific objectives of the amended programme. There are several articles on Philosophy in the reading list\'2C but some address dated issues. Many sources on Neuropsychology are not immediately relevant to either Artificial Intelligence or Cognitive Science. For some reason\'2C there are also readings on human-computer interaction which is not typically included as a research area in either Cognitive Science or Artificial Intelligence. However\'2C issues with the coherence of the reading list\'2C is offset to some extent by postgraduate students\'E2\'80\'99 own data gathering\'2C providing institutional infrastructure is adequate.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the laboratory placement is required by the programme\'2C but UJ did not show how the laboratory aspect is integrated in the design. The evaluator found that the Institution maintains that the laboratory work will be presented in some modules and that students will gain practice in using the Matlab and Prolog programming languages in a laboratory context. Matlab is widely used in universities and there are various toolboxes available for extensive Artificial Intelligence and machine learning applications using this programming language. The evaluator concluded that the reason was addressed\'2C since the laboratory context involving Matlab \'28and its toolboxes\'29 at the university is acceptable for teaching the programming and data analysis skills relevant to either Artificial Intelligence or Cognitive Science.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Master of Cognitive Science \'28180 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. The Institution has indicated that it intends to amend the name and the focus of the programme to Artificial Intelligence\'2C which has implications for the list of core modules\'2C as well as the rationale\'2C the purpose\'2C objectives\'2C the outcomes\'2C and the teaching strategies of the programme as significant differences exist between the original \'28Cognitive Science\'29 and the amended \'28Artificial Intelligence\'29 programmes. A new and more detailed application is required. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The updated reading list could not be evaluated properly\'2C given the unavailability of the complete design and full details of the proposed new programme in Artificial Intelligence. The role of some of the electives\'2C and how the reading material fit in with the aims of the programme\'2C are inadequately explained and impinge on the coherence of the programme design.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line The design and rationale for the amended programme should be described in detail in a new submission for programme accreditation. Information on career possibilities associated with Artificial Intelligence should be set out\'2C because the amended programme now targets a significantly different field of research and application. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}