{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH04\'2FE152CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Durban University of Technology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Postgraduate Diploma in Higher Education\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Steve Biko\line 70 Steve Biko Road \'28Mansfield Road\'29\line Berea\line Durban\line 4001\line \line Indumiso\line FJ Sithole Road\line Imbali\line Pietermaritzburg\line 3201\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Durban University of Technology \'28DUT\'29 is a public higher education institution whose programmes have been accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of Postgraduate Diploma in Higher Education programme which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery from the Pietermaritzburg\'2C Indumiso campus. \line \line The Institution is accredited to offer the following programmes\'3A \line - Bachelor of Education Honours in Technology Education - H\'2FH04\'2FE009CAN\line - Master of Education in Adult and Community Education - H\'2FH04\'2FE074CAN \line - Advanced Diploma in Adult and Community Education and Training Teaching-  H\'2FH04\'2FE076CAN\line - Bachelor of Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching - H\'2FH04\'2FE091CAN\line -Postgraduate Diploma in Adult and Community Education and Training - H\'2FH04\'2FE132CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator indicated that the programme meets the minimum requirements in terms of all the relevant Criteria to be assessed for public institutions and recommended that the programme be accredited.\line \line The evaluator finds that the curriculum design has been well developed.  The programme comprises of 120 credits that are completed over one year of full-time study\'2C or two years part-time study. The curriculum is intellectually credible and meets the cognitive demands of a programme at NQF Level 8. It seems to have sufficient disciplinary content and theoretical depth\'2C at the appropriate level\'2C to serve its educational purpose.\line \line The student admission and selection criteria adhere to current national legislation and are commensurate with the programme\'27s academic requirements. Recognition of Prior Learning \'28RPL\'29 is permitted and the assessment thereof is aligned with the University\'27s RPL Policy.  The evaluator set certain conditions in terms of student admission and selection\'2C as well as the marketing material for the PGDip \'28Higher Education\'29. However\'2C he\'2Fshe stated \'28at the end of the evaluation of criterion 2\'29 that the programme meets the minimum requirements in relation to Criterion 2. The Directorate notes this contradiction but agrees that the information that has been provided pertaining to this Criterion is satisfactory.\line \line As this is a public Institution\'2C Criteria 3\'2C 4\'2C 7 and 8 are deemed to be in place.\line \line Teaching and learning in the programme is subject to the institutional Teaching and Learning Policy. The Teaching and Learning Strategy provides for various types of learning activities\'2C i.e.\'3A lectures \'2840\'25\'29\'2C\'29\'3B independent self-study of standard texts and references \'2830\'25\'29\'3B and independent self-study of specially prepared materials \'2830\'25\'29. The evaluator notes that adequate time has been allocated to both independent self-study of standard texts and reference\'2C and independent self- study of specially prepared material\'2C which allows for sufficient self-learning and development. \line \line The teaching methods as well as the design of learning materials for this qualification will be geared towards developing versatile and adaptable graduates who have a capacity for life-long learning. Included in all curricular will be materials that include formal recognition of extra-curricular activities that contribute to the development of graduate attributes. The teaching methods and course materials will provide students with opportunities to attain a range of transferable and specialist attributes as well as developing skills in information and digital literacy. Teaching methods will facilitate the use of shareable teaching materials for example Open Educational Resources \'28OER\'29 and Massive Open Online Courses \'28MOOCS\'29 as well as promoting research-led teaching\'2C i.e. exposing students to research through their curriculum and developing students\'27 research capabilities in the curriculum where appropriate will be emphasized in the development of course materials.\line \line The Institution has established institutional systems and mechanisms in place to monitor student progress\'2C evaluate the programme and improve or maintain the quality of the programme. Also\'2C the Institution has the relevant policy framework\'2C processes and capacity in terms of systems\'2C procedures and processes for materials design\'2C development linked to the offering of this programme. \line \line The Assessment Strategy and the methods for the PGDip \'28Higher Education\'29 is subject to the institutional Assessment Policy. The evaluator indicated that assessors are encouraged to adopt an integrative approach to knowledge that seeks to demonstrate the interconnectedness of knowledge as reflected in the exit-level outcomes of this qualification. lecturers will use differentiated active learning methodologies\'2C inquiry-based approaches to learning and ongoing assessment to enhance the key skills of information processing\'2C being personally effective\'2C communicating\'2C critical and creative thinking and working with others in a group. By embedding these key skills in the curriculum and then assessing them\'2C students will be presented with a range of learning experiences and outcomes that will improve their present and future access to learning\'2C their social interaction\'2C their information and communication abilities and their ability to work collaboratively. The Institution provided sufficient evidence of moderation practices and feedback to students.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme meets minimum requirements but proposed the following long-term condition\'3A Learning material and guides should be developed prior to start of offering of programme. The Directorate notes that applications for accreditation do not require the submission of a full set of learning materials\'2C therefore this condition is not necessary. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme be accredited without a condition.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Postgraduate Diploma in Higher Education \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}