{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR288\'2FE013CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql SA College of Applied Psychology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Social Science Honours \'28Human Resource Management\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 1st Floor \line Sunclare Building\line 21 Dreyer Street\line Claremont\line 7708\line Cape Town\line South Africa\line \line Johannesburg Campus\line 1st Floor\'2C 1 Sixty Jan Smuts\'2C\line 160 Jan Smuts Avenue\'2C\line Rosebank\'2C\line Johannesburg\'2C\line 2196\line \line Pretoria Campus\line First Floor \line North Block \line Brookfield Office Park\line 261 Middel Street\line Neuw Muckleneuk\line Pretoria\line 0181\line \line \line Durban Campus\line 5th floor \line 199\'2F203 Peter Mokaba Road\line Morningside\line Durban \line 4001 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The SA College of Applied Psychology is a private higher education institution that is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training\'2C with programmes that are accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is applying for the accreditation of a Bachelor of Social Science Honours \'28Human Resource Management\'29 programme to be offered in contact mode of delivery at the following Campuses\'3A\line 1. Main Campus - Claremont \line 2. Johannesburg Campus - Johannesburg \line 3. Pretoria Campus - Pretoria \line 4. Durban Campus - Durban \line \line The Institution also applied for the accreditation of the Bachelor of Social Science Honours \'28Human Resource Management\'29 programme to be offered in the distance mode.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator indicated that the programme in terms of Criteria 1 to 6 does not comply with the minimum requirements for accreditation and are deemed to need improvement. The evaluator argues that the BCom in HRM should therefore be accredited with short-term conditions related to programme design\'2C staffing\'2C and the Teaching and Learning Strategy\'3B however\'2C the suggested concerns identified regarding Criterion 6 are actually addressed by implication in the institutional submission\'2C and therefore do not have to be flagged with conditions - in the end\'2C conditions for Criteria 1 to 5 will suffice. \line \line The mission of the Institution has been provided and the evaluator is of the view that Human Resource as a field of specialization\'2C strictly speaking does not fit into the mission of the Institution\'2C but it is explained that \'22SACAP endeavours to equip individuals with the necessary skills to understand people and people behaviours within the broader context of work\'2C thereby empowering society at large.\'22  One of the key drivers of the programme is the DHET \'2822 June 2018\'29 list of occupants in high demand identifying Personnel\'2FHuman Resource Managers as a strong need by industry. \line \line The programme comprises of eight modules\'2C including one 36-credit module \'28Research Thesis\'29\'2C one 20-credit module\'2C two 15-credit modules\'2C two 12-credit modules and two 10-credit modules. All the modules are on NQF Level 8 and the two 10-credit modules are electives\'3B all the other modules are compulsory. The total number of credits allocated for the programme is 120. The only rule of combination applies to Research Methodology that should be completed before commencement with the research thesis.\line \line The learning activities are appropriate for the type and for the HEQSF level of the programme. However\'2C given that this a postgraduate qualification\'2C the Institution should consider the inclusion of group-work as part of the learning activities.The exit level outcomes of the programme are appropriate for the nature of the programme.\line \line The horizontal articulation is indicated as the Institution\'27s BAppSocSci \'28Human Resource Management\'29 degree or cognate Bachelor\'27s degrees from other higher education institutions. However\'2C the Institution should provide specific articulation possibilities in terms of qualifications \'28i.e. the names of particular qualifications\'29 and the names of higher education institutions for the purposes of articulation.\line \line The programme meets the minimum entry requirements of Student admission to a cognate Master\'27s degree\'2C usually in the area of specialization in the Honours degree.  The marketing strategies for the programme have been provided. The brochure content for this programme is also available\'2C including the sites of delivery\'2C the duration of the programme\'2C the modules and credits\'2C the minimum entrance requirements etc. This document as well as the Student admissions Policy indicates that this programme will be delivered on a contact and online\'2Fdistance basis. Furthermore\'2C the brochure content refers to seven modules\'2C whilst the HEQC-submission refers to eight modules. This discrepancy should be clarified as well.\line \line According to the Student admissions Policy and the HEQC-submission\'2C the minimum student admission requirements to this programme is a minimum of an undergraduate degree \'28NQF Level 7\'29 with a Human Resource Management or Industrial Psychology major having achieved a grade point average \'28GPA\'29 of 65\'25 and above in al Psychology subjects undertaken in the final year of study. Given the focus of this programme\'2C namely Human Resource Management\'2C it is not clear why Psychology subjects other than Industrial Psychology is required as an student admission requirement. \line \line Student admission into the programme may also be via the RPL route. The Credit Accumulation and Transfer \'28CAT\'29 and Recognition of Prior Learning \'28RPL\'29 Policy gives an outline of the RPL process \'28including that no more than 10\'25 per cohort may be admitted through RPL\'29. The HEQC-submission emphasizes that for this programme\'2C RPL only applies to student admission and not to credit recognition or transfer of credits. The planned student enrolment for this programme is appropriate and in line with the staff members and other resources. \line \line The Institution submitted the names of the academic staff members for all the sites of delivery including their qualifications however\'2C no CVs were made available\'2C but it is stated that the academic CVs are available on request. However\'2C the CVs of all academic staff members responsible for this programme must be submitted\'2C despite the CVs forming part of the Academic Staff Capacity Building Statement. Although final appointments will be made after securing approval for this programme\'2C the Institution should provide at least a staffing plan.\line \line The Staff Development Policy provides for professional development and the procedure for the monitoring of staff performance in professional development\'2C amongst other. All teaching staff are also required to attend an annual Educator Workshop\'2C which serves as an orientation to the academic philosophy of the Institution. Teaching and assessment matters are also addressed at the Workshop.\line \line The part-time and full-time profiles of staff members have not been submitted on the HEQC-portal and should be provided. No Conditions of Service Policy is available\'2C only a Staff Code of Conduct. However\'2C the Code of Conduct document mentions that it is supported by the Staff Grievance Policy and Procedure\'2C Staff Disciplinary Code and Procedure Policy\'2C Employment Equity Policy\'2C and the Code of Ethics in the Practice of Teaching and Learning. However\'2C the Staff Grievance Policy and Procedure and the Staff Disciplinary Code and Procedure Policy were not submitted. The CV of the Programme Coordinator is available.\line \line The administrative services per campus form part of the HEQC-submission. It is indicated that the main campus \'28Claremont\'29 takes the lead. Functions regarding student admissions\'2C human resource management\'2C administration\'2C IT and telecommunications etc. are described per campus\'2C also the roles of the Academic Dean and the Programme Coordinator. A list of training taking place on a regular basis was provided.\line \line The Institution does not have a formal Teaching and Learning Policy as such\'2C only a document titled\'3A Educational Practice for Teaching and Learning. The mode of delivery for this programme is \'28now explicitly indicated as\'29 contact-based and the classroom time exists of 186 hours. A trimester system is used\'2C implying three hours of lectures each week for ten weeks. A detail outline of the break-up of the 1200 notional hours is provided. All the learning outcomes of all the modules are uploaded on the HEQC portal as part of module guides. The uploaded initial SAQA submission includes the exit level outcomes of the programme. Each module guide includes a module description\'2C learning outcomes the prescribed textbook and additional readings\'2C the structure of the module\'2C and assessment information. \line \line Apart from the information included in the module guides a list of prescribed textbooks and recommended readings are also available. The prescribed textbook for Organisation Development and Design\'2C Morgan\'2C G. \'282006\'29. Images of organization\'2C is old and should be replaced with a more recent textbook.\line \line The Institution provides academic support to students\'2C namely orientation and assistance with the Student admissions process\'2C and small group work is built into the lecture structures \'28however\'2C according to the learning activities described in Criterion 1\'2C group work is not included - this discrepancy should clarified\'29. Each library on each campus has a Library Support Hub\'2C detailed feedback by educators\'2Flecturers and Student Support Offices on each campus. According to the 2018 Student Handbook\'2C the Institution is committed to promoting student wellness. When a student in need of support is identified\'2C the Student Services Department will assist and a Student Tracking Form will be completed and followed up with the student. There are Health and Safety Officers on each campus. Basic emotional support is provided when required and students may be referred to external professional when necessary.\line \line The HEQC-submission provides an extensive overview of the quality assurance process of the Institution including revisions of academic programmes\'2C the delivery of programme content\'2C end of term certification of results and moderation processes\'2C the end-of term student feedback processes\'2C amongst other.\line \line SACAP uses an online Learning Management System\'2C called MySACAP\'2C based on the Moodle platform. Inactive students are identified and monitored by means of class attendance\'2C student tracking forms\'2C red-flagging high-risk students and the Student Services Office providing psychological assistance and support. High-risk students due to poor attendance\'2C poor academic performance\'2C lack of motivation\'2C lack of self-responsibility\'2C etc.\'2C can be place on a review status. These students have to consult the Student Service Office. The SRC fulfils amongst other\'2C an advisory and consultative role\'2C and also offers a Peer Academic Support System.\line \line Given that this programme will be offered at four campuses\'2C the Institution gives an outline of the implementation of quality assurance across the campuses. Examples of such interventions are the development of study material that is managed centrally from the main campus\'2C with the Head of Strategic Development\'2C the Academic Manager\'2C the Head of Programmes as the responsible parties.\line \line In terms of assessments\'2C all the modules are assessed by means of formative and summative assessments\'2C as confirmed by the module guides. The formative assessments are various\'2C as are the summative assessments. The module guides\'2Fstudy guides also include the marking grids\'2C the assignments applicable to a particular module and general requirements for assignments. The mark allocations for the formative assessment vary for the respective modules\'3B in some instances\'2C the first formative assessment contributes 30\'25 and the second assessment 70\'25 towards the final mark\'3B and in other instances\'2C it is a 50\'2F50 allocation. It is not clear whether any of the modules are examination-based modules\'3B the Institution should give clarification on this matter.\line \line The Moderation Policy outlines the principles for the appointment of external moderators\'2C such as that the moderators must be independent experts in their fields\'2C have qualifications at least one level higher of the qualification being examined\'2C having an understanding of assessment requirements\'2C amongst other. External moderation only applies to exit level modules. The mentioned Policy also includes the responsibilities of external moderators and the content of the external moderator\'27s report.\line \line The learning management platform\'2C My SACAP and written feedback are used to provide feedback to students. If a student fails a particular module\'2C the student must discuss his\'2Fher situation with the educator\'2Flecturer or Registrar. Students with incomplete marks\'2C receive an opportunity to negotiate a learning plan with the lecturer for re-assessment or may appeal the grading decision. If a student does not appeal\'2C the original result will be maintained. All grades and written feedback are captured on MySACAP.\line \line The Examination Drafting Guidelines provide for different types of examinations\'2C namely invigilated examinations and online open book assessments\'2C guidelines for the examination s of both undergraduate and postgraduate qualifications\'2C as well as professional qualifications. This qualification is not included in the Guideline document yet. The Academic Quality Assurance \'28AQA\'29 Committee is responsible for the coordination of assessment duties. \line \line A detail overview of all venues on all sites of delivery was provided\'2C including all the classrooms with seating capacity\'2C all the meeting rooms\'2C office space\'2C the size of the reception areas\'2C size of the student common areas etc. The IT infrastructure is described for all campuses\'2C including desktops or laptops for all administrative and academic staff members. Information is also available regarding the computer facilities for student use at each site of delivery.  \line \line The Institution admits that at the time of submission of this application\'2C the actual library holdings for this programme were not sufficient\'2C but it is confirmed that the library holdings will increase significantly over the next two years\'2C namely \'22Human Resource Management content of our libraries year on year of roughly R 120 000\'3B R35 000 is budgeted per library per site of delivery for library holdings\'2C as well as R30 000 for E-book purchases. A list of library holdings and a budget per site of delivery is provided. Students also have access to EbscoHost\'2C Sabinet\'2C Jstor and open access journals. In 2019 Business Source Premier for Human Resource Management students will be included. In addition to above-mentioned resources\'2C students also have access to Atlas ti\'2C SPSS and Turnitin for research purposes.\line \line A Financial Plan for the Maintenance and Upgrade of Infrastructure and Resources was provided\'2C specified per campus. The HEQC-submission confirms that the librarians and other library staff members receive training in all areas of using the library management software. Students receive a Student Handbook including the Library Policy.\line \line Each campus has a Student admissions and Administration department. The senior administrator based at the Claremont campus is also responsible for DHET reporting\'2C Edudex and quality assurance. The Student Administrator of each campus monitors and manages all data on the Student Management System and the Learning Management System. The periodicity of reports includes the minutes of the weekly staff members meeting\'2C minutes of the termly educator meeting\'2C a quarterly student feedback report\'2C a quarterly educator feedback report\'2C quarterly Academic Board meeting report\'2C etc.\line \line The strategic plan of SACAP provides for postgraduate qualifications\'2C amongst other. A Research and Appointment of Supervisors Policy is available including the approval of the research proposal\'2C the components to be covered by the research proposal\'2C the approval of the research thesis\'2C the selection and appointment of supervisors\'2C the supervisors\'27 responsibilities\'2C the responsibilities of the Programme Coordinator etc. The External Examiners Policy confirms that the Head of Programmes and the Academic Administrator is responsible for the appointment of the external examiners. Relevant Criteria apply.\line \line The Institution is in the process to register its Research and Ethics Committee \'28REC\'29. The primary responsibility of this Committee is to \'22monitor and evaluate research so as to ensure employment of appropriate methodological rigour and compliance with the guidelines for good practice for research\'2C in the health professions\'2C coaching profession\'2C human resource management profession and national and international ethics guidelines and SACAP\'27s vision.\'22\line \line The HEQC-submission states the Workload Model regarding supervision is based on the principle of one supervisor to ten students or two groups of 4-5 students.\line \line The Institution is committed to staff development regarding research capacity. A Training and Development Budget dedicated to research is available from 2016-2018\'2C including funding for the attendance of conferences. As per the HEQC-submission\'2C the current allocated budget for research activities amounts to R376 000. Several other examples of staff development interventions are provided\'2C such as a research and supervision workshop offered by a colleague of TUT\'2C an ethics capacity development course\'2C etc. A list of all the research publications of academic staff members of SACAP is available.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme is accredited with conditions.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Social Science Honours \'28Human Resource Management\'29 \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The names of the programmes and higher education institutions for the purpose of both horizontal and vertical articulation should be submitted.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 2. The Institution should correct the discrepancy relating to the modules between the admission requirements of the programme per the Admissions Policy and the submitted information on the HEQC-submission. In addition\'2C the requirement of the Psychology subjects for admission to this programme should be clarified. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 3. The Institution must submit a plan outlining the strategy for the appointment of academic staff members with relevant qualifications to teach on the programme. The part-time and full-time profiles of staff members are not available and must be provided including the CVs of all the core academic staff members responsible for this programme must be submitted. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 4. The use and\'2For non-use of examinations as a form of assessment must be clarified. It is not evident which modules are assessed by a final examination.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 5. The Institution should review the name of the programme and ensure that the programme is HEQSF aligned.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 6. A revised SAQA form should be submitted \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line - A more recent textbook must be prescribed for the Organisation Development and Design module.\line - The Institution should consider including group-work as part of the learning activities for this programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}