{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR290\'2FE042CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Milpark Education \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Arts\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Milpark Education \line Corner Landau Terrace and Main Rd East\line Melville \'28ext 2\'29\line Johannesburg\line 2007\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Milpark Education is a private higher education institution that is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has programmes that are accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Bachelor of Arts programme which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at the Melville\'2C Main Campus.\line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of the same programme to be offered in the distance mode of delivery.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator indicated that the programme in terms of Criteria 1\'2C 3\'2C 4\'2C 5 and 8 does not comply with the minimum requirements for accreditation\'2C while the programme in terms of Criteria 6 and 7 need improvement and recommended that the programme be accredited with conditions. \line \line This three-year BA General programme is intended to prepare students for different professions in the public service and business world. However\'2C the Institution did not provide sufficient evidence to demonstrate that the programme is aligned with the institutional mission\'2C that it has adequately considered possibilities of articulation within and across institutions that progressive learning is in line with HEQSF requirements.\line \line The programme with 360 credits over 3 years\'2C with 120 credits for each year meets the minimum requirements of the HEQSF. The HEQSF makes a distinction between general and professionally-oriented Bachelor\'27s Degrees. While both types offer students the opportunity to acquire a \'27well-rounded\'2C broad education that equips graduates with the knowledge base\'2C theory and methodology of disciplines and fields of study\'27\'2C the general Bachelor\'27s Degree\'2C according to the HEQSF\'2C \'27emphasise general principles and theory as preparation for entry into general employment or for a postgraduate programme\'27. However\'2C Milpark does not allow students to choose their major or expertise from a list of Humanities disciplines in line with the HEQSF parameters. \line \line Though the Institution considers this qualification as equipping students to access careers ranging from \'27journalism\'2C politics\'2C management\'2C intelligence\'2C marketing\'2C industrial organisation and elsewhere\'27\'3B it fails to provide sufficient evidence supporting such claims. Students will be required to do compulsory modules and choose elective modules from a prescribed set to complete their BA \'28General\'29 degree. The compulsory modules for each of the three years add up to 80 credits with students choosing the remaining 40 credits as electives. The compulsory modules demonstrate progression of learning but such progression apart from the majors is not evident in the degree structure provided. No academic support is evident for modules offered at NQF level 6.\line \line The possibilities of horizontal and vertical articulation within and across the Institution must be substantiated. Articulation into a PG Diploma or an Honours programme without supporting evidence is not altogether sufficient. Addressing this possibility with other institutions would also have helped in establishing benchmarks for articulation for example.\'29\line \line Students will be recruited through the Milpark social media pages and data bases\'2C road shows\'2C as well as radio and television advertising. The student admission criteria are aligned to current national legislation where matriculants must have obtained an APS of 24 or more and with 50\'25 or more for English. Non-South African school-leaving certificates must qualify for a matriculation exemption. Possibility of access using the RPL route exists\'2C provided interested students comply with the RPL Criteria. The Institution failed to provide a projected student intake over the three years\'2C with corresponding academic and support staff planning.\line \line The Institution provided the CVs of staff members allocated to the programme\'3A 6 full-time and 4 part-time positions. From the CVs submitted\'2C the range of disciplinary expertise of the academic staff members is wide and ranges from Theology\'2C Psychology\'2C Public Administration to Political Sciences. The age distribution of academic staff members is a fair mix of young and retired persons and show research experience in their different areas. Relevant experience of academic staff members ranges from teaching to industry related experiences. There is however a concern regarding the coordinator of the programme. According to the uploaded CV\'2C he is employed at the University of Stellenbosch since 2007 and as Full Professor since 2016.  The Institution must provide evidence to indicate the status the coordinator and his employment status as well.\line \line The recruitment and employment of staff members on the programme appears to be in line with the relevant labour legislation. Milpark acknowledges in recruiting a demographically representative staff cohort which it argues should improve when skills shortages in the required areas addressed. \line \line The staff complement described as \'27academic administrators and assistants\'27\'2C are according to the Institution at an appropriate level to ensure the delivery of the programme. However\'2C the Institution\'27s use of \'27adequate\'27 and \'27sufficient\'27 without specifics is a concern. The staff member to student ratio and the ratio of full-time to part-time staff members are determined in relation to the number of enrolled students and the demands and requirements of the teaching and learning and research. However\'2C the approximate information indicating the availability of staff members across the Institution does not suffice\'3A \'22Based on its current calculations\'2C Milpark is comfortable that it employs a sufficient number of academic administrators and assistants at an appropriate level.\'22 It further argues that where needed\'2C Milpark \'22is able to appoint additional full-time\'2C part-time or temporary staff members quickly when the need arises\'2C and has done so previously.\'22 \line \line The diverse qualifications of the academic staff members as witnessed on the CVs do provide a diversity of approaches\'2C but it remains a question whether the particular diversity is commensurate with similar BA programmes at higher education institutions.\line \line This programme will be offered as a contact programme on two sites. Evidence demonstrates that the teaching and learning strategies used for this programme are aligned with the mission of the institution. The Teaching and Learning Strategy is line with placing student learning at the centre of its strategy. \line \line The teaching and learning activities are appropriate for a contact programme\'2C and also provides students opportunity for self-assessment and discussion using a case-based study approach. According to the institution\'2C the Programme Coordinator assigned would be responsible for monitoring student progress using the myMilpark student system. This would assist in identifying poor performing students and engage remedial process as required. This as an adequate mechanism to monitor and address student performance but a concern is the lack of full-time status of the Programme Coordinator\'2C which does not suffice.\line \line The Teaching and Learning Strategy for this programme has mechanisms in place to monitor student progress. It uses a tutor service to assist students during their studies. This mechanism allows students to consult with tutors should they need help with assigned work. \line The Institution has mechanisms in place to deal with student concerns related to the self-study and online environment. Where required\'2C students are provided with personal counseling.\line The Institution indicated that upon approval of this programme by the HEQC\'2C it will embark on refining its delivery and programme design strategies\'2C however\'2C the Institution did not provide sufficient information related to the programme design necessary for the Directorate and the HEQC to evaluate the programme. \line \line The Institution has appropriate policies and procedures in place to regulate internal and external assessment tasks. The programme uses a mix of formative and summative techniques to conduct assessment procedures. At the undergraduate level\'2C these can be in the format of self-assessment that allow students to measure their degree of competence in the programme as well as prepare them for the summative assessment through a mock examination preparation. \line \line Assessment tasks will be moderated internally\'2C and students are provided with comprehensive feedback. Internal examiners also have the opportunity to improve and enhance their assessment skills. Feedback on assessment provided to students is sensitive and designed to promote student confidence in learning. In this way\'2C assessment tasks form an integral part of monitoring student performance.\line \line Though the Institution has reliable internal and external assessment moderation practices\'2C it failed to provide sufficient information related to the security and processing of examination results. Despite its detailed assessment system that provides model answers to students\'2C there is not enough information on how disputed might be handled.\line \line This programme is offered at the main Campus Melville and Claremont\'2C Cape Town. At these sites\'2C access to seminar and syndicate rooms for independent and group work would be available. Students will be also have access to online library facilities. Students are expected to purchase the prescribed texts\'2C but all additional reading and consulting resources would be made available. The Institution provided details of IT infrastructure in terms of hardware and software available to students and staff members and which includes access to Sabinet\'2C EBSCOHost\'2C ProQuest and Cyberlibris.\line \line The Institution indicated that all core materials needed for the programme would be supplied to the students upon registration. The total library budget including extension of holdings and subscriptions to existing services for the 2018 academic year totaled R1.36 million. Library and support staff members are sufficiently qualified.\line \line The Institution indicates the availability of computers on both campuses where the course is offered. The Institution should indicate whether it seeks to expand its student enrollment beyond the two centres or not. If so\'2C it needs to provide details on how students registered for this programme outside the indicated centres would benefit from the suitable and sufficient venues and infrastructure needed for this programme.\line \line The programmes is reported to have at least one dedicated administrator to deal with students and staff members queries relating to registration\'2C application\'2C materials delivery and so forth.  The programme information system is managed by a dedicated in-house IT team and addresses the needs of student and staff members. It maintains manual records of the registration system and allows students to contact the institution using the online system\'2C via telephone\'2C email or through face-to-face interaction. Each programme generates a \'27critical dates\'27 document which sets out the obligations for the programme as well as informing students on where administrative and academic accountability lies. \line \line The integrity of assessment processes and certification are assured by the Heads of Faculty taking responsibility for the processes. From the conception of the examination paper\'2C to the printing and processing of the results\'2C processes are in place and overseen by different officers like the Logistics Manager\'2C the Dean and the academics in charge\'2C to ensure integrity of process.\line Students who have successfully completed their qualification receive a systems-generated Letter of Completion signed by the Dean of the School and posted to the student using registered mail. This Letter of Completion is proof that student can graduate. All certificates of students graduating are stored in a fireproof safe and to ensure integrity\'2C the printing company signs a protocol of confidentiality with Milpark Education. This process is overseen by the Administrator\'3A Graduation and Certification in Cape Town.\line \line Given the range and scope of shortcomings particularly with regard to Criterion 1\'2C the evaluators decision to accredit the programme with conditions is best adjusted to a decision not to accredit. It should be noted that the Institution has submitted a virtually identical application for offering the same programme via the distance learning mode - which will put additional strain on staffing and resources.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Arts \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  1. The Institution did not demonstrate that the original vision\'2C mission and goals of the institution that concentrated on training students in the fields of general management\'2C and business administration and leadership have been expanded to include humanities qualifications and that appropriate structures and resources to support the degree are in place .\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  2. The Institution did not demonstrate that the programme design\'2C the theoretical skills and knowledge are sufficiently developed to ensure that graduates of this programme benefit from the intended educational purposes.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  3. The Institution did not demonstrate that the progression rule as required by the HEQSF is reflected in the programme design and that the rules are commensurate with the learning outcomes and the complexity of the degree. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  4. The possibilities of horizontal and vertical articulation within and across the Institution have not been substantiated.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  5. The Institution failed to provide a projected student intake over three years\'2C with corresponding academic and support staff members planning.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  6. The Institution did not provide evidence to demonstrate that the academic staff members are sufficiently competent to apply the assessment requirements as needed\'3B and\'2C that adequate opportunities exist to assist academics to improve and\'2For enhance their teaching and learning skills \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  7. The Institution did not provide evidence to demonstrate that proper planning regarding sustainable staffing this programme is in place\'2C nor provided assurance that it is in accordance with acceptable student to staff member ratios. Sufficient evidence to demonstrate that the academic and support functions needed to assure the running of this programme\'2C are in place is lacking.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql  8. The Institution did not appoint a full-time Programme Coordinator\'2C whose role in constant monitoring of students on two campuses will not otherwise be possible.  \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3\'2C 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}