{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH11\'2FE128CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql North West University\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Theology Honours\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql North-West University\line 53 Borcherd Street\line Potchefstroom\line 2520\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The North West University \'28NWU\'29 is a public higher education institution with programmes that are accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is currently applying for accreditation of the Bachelor of Theology Honours which will be offered in the distance mode of delivery at the North-West University Mafikeng\'2FPotchefstroom\'2FVaal Triangle Campus. \line \line The NWU is accredited to offer a Postgraduate Diploma in Christian Theology programme.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator indicated that the programme\'2C in terms of most criteria\'2C complies with minimum requirements for accreditation\'2C while the programme in terms of criteria 1 was deemed to be in need of improvement. Concerns expressed about criteria 3 and 7 will be addressed by the institutional QA office\'2C which assumes responsibility for such matters at a public institution.\line \line The vision of NWU is that it wants to be \'E2\'80\'9Ca leading South African provider of multi-modal education\'2C known for its excellence in innovative teaching and learning and an outstanding student learning experience in all modes of educational delivery\'E2\'80\'9D. The mode of delivery will be distance learning\'2C which utilises innovative technologies. The institutional mission is to foster \'E2\'80\'9Cvibrant intellectual inquiry amongst its staff and students\'2C in order to provide meaningful teaching and learning experiences and responsive and enabling environments.\'2C and to be locally engaged\'2C nationally relevant and internationally acknowledged. The mission and vision statements are in line with the proposed distance mode of teaching and learning.\line \line The NWU intends to bring the BTh Hons qualification within the reach of a diverse body of geographically distributed students. This will enhance their career opportunities and the development of their potential. It gives the students\'2C who want the flexibility by distance learning\'2C the opportunity to engage with a wide range of theological disciplines and provides the skill and confidence to execute research and to engage meaningfully in debate. \line \line The issue of access is emphasised by the desire to offer solid university education within the reach of a diverse body of geographically distributed students who opt for distance education\'2C supported by the Unit for Open Distance Learning \'28UODL\'29. The programme recognises the need for curriculum transformation and development in post-apartheid South African society\'2C takes cognisance of employment obligations\'2C financial constraints\'2C and logistical issues in addressing the need for theological education. The university adheres to the fundamental principles enshrined in the SA Constitution and Bill of Rights\'2C and is responsive to the SA environment.\line \line The proposed programme articulates horizontally with a number of related disciplines\'2C and vertically with Master\'27s degrees in theology.\line The minimum number of credits is 120 while the total expected is 136 credits. There are four compulsory modules amounting to 56 credits\'2C of which 32 credits account for a research paper at NQF level 8. Five 16-credit modules are to be chosen out of ten offered\'2C allowing for a degree of specialisation. While this is a programme offered in distance mode\'2C 40\'25 of the time allocation is devoted to face-to-face lectures and tutorials.  \line \line There is no workplace experience incorporated into the programme. However\'2C a degree of ambiguity could exist as optional modules could accommodate this\'2C e.g. liturgy\'2C homiletics\'2C child\'2C youth and family ministry\'2C counselling\'2C missions\'3B in fact\'2C some modules seem to require WIL \'28e.g. LITK621\'29. It is not clear how certain outcomes can be achieved without some form of workplace engagement. The same issue arises in other modules \'28e.g. MISS 611 on Missiology\'29.\line \line Although it is stated that the programme has \'E2\'80\'9Ca minimum completion period of two years\'E2\'80\'9D\'2C shorter completion times also seem possible.\line \line Entrance requirements are set at NQF level 7. There is provision for the admission of learners from disciplines other than theology pending satisfaction of specified requirements. The intake of learners should increase to 150 per annum over a period of five years. It is anticipated that eventually a maximum of 200 students will be enrolled for the qualification at any given time. These numbers are within the limits of the institution\'E2\'80\'99s enrolment plan and capacity of the Faculty of Theology. \line \line The aim of introducing the programme in distance mode is to broaden access. Marketing support is offered by the NWU Department of Marketing and Communication. This Department\'2C in addition to the existing network of relationships\'2C is also responsible for recruiting prospective undergraduate students.\line \line RPL is applied in terms of the NWU policy document and the process will be managed by the Faculty of Theology. It will ensure that quality assurance processes that address the specifications of the RPL process \'28including applications\'2C assessment\'2C and reporting and management systems\'29 are implemented\'3B and that administrative and support systems\'2C both prior and subsequent to RPL assessment\'2C are in place. Applicants will be assessed against NQF level 7 competencies. \line \line As a public institution\'2C NWU does not have to report on the staff criteria. The institutional quality assurance office will verify the required minimum standards.\line \line UODL is not a new concept in the Teaching and Learning strategy of the Faculty of Theology. It will employ differentiated teaching methods. Blended learning is employed and staff performance is monitored. Quality enhancement procedures are in place and managed through the T \'26 L Policy document.\line \line As with all qualifications and programmes at the NWU\'2C re-evaluation takes place every four to six years by means of internal and external programme evaluations. Stakeholders\'2C partners and related denominations are involved in these evaluations to ascertain whether the qualification is attaining its intended outcomes and determine the impact and improvement of the qualification.\line \line Students will receive support throughout the programme from a group of staff available through the virtual learning environment\'2C as well as at learning centres\'2C with accredited facilitators\'2C coordinators and centre staff\'2C throughout the country and in Namibia. Students will be given online access to materials to support the mastering of module outcomes\'2C discussion forums hosted by relevant module lecturers and chat rooms where they can network with fellow students. \line \line Adequate support mechanisms of the NWU are in place for underperforming\'2C inactive\'2C at-risk students and students with disabilities. This will be provided by lecturers\'2C tutors\'2C or peer mentors \'28guardians\'29\'2C and\'2C where necessary\'2C students will receive remedial teaching.\line \line The NWU assessment policies govern rules applicable to assessment in order to guard its integrity\'2C credibility\'2C recording and security. The aim is for the digital learning platform to be optimally utilised for ongoing formative assessment of different kinds \'28self-\'2C peer- and tutor assessment\'29. Feedback on formative assessment is recognised as an integral part of the Teaching and Learning strategy. This includes a strong discouragement of plagiarism. These guidelines also inform the BTh Hons distance education programme. There will be internal and external moderation as well as formative and summative assessment. Effective and meaningful feedback will be provided.\line \line As a public institution\'2C NWU does not have to report on the criterion pertaining to infrastructure. The institutional quality assurance office will verify the required minimum standards.\line \line As a public institution\'2C NWU does not have to report on the criterion pertaining to administrative services. The institutional quality assurance office will verify the required minimum standards.\line \line Students are required to complete a theoretical research module. After completing the research module\'2C as well as the different optional modules\'2C the student decides on the research topic with the specific lecturer who approves the research proposal together with the module owner. Supervision is built into the programme by lecturers completing a workload agreement at the beginning of each academic year with the school director in which an agreement is reached about supervision. Information is provided on Dissertation\'2F Thesis Requirements. Procedures are in place to deal with complaints\'2C grievances\'2C plagiarism and re-marking. Detailed information is given on plagiarism and disciplinary procedures. The NWU has a code of conduct for Researchers.\line \line With regard to existing postgraduate practices\'2C it is noted that over the last three years efforts have been made regarding the streamlining of the activities of the various faculty of theology committees regarding a balanced view between scientific quality and ethics training. \line \line Faculty researchers are assisted with increased incentives in order to become more productive and also make contact with scholars within a broader scientific environment. \line \line With regard to the distance learning mode\'3A The NWU\'E2\'80\'99s Unit for Open Distance Learning \'28UODL\'29 was established to present distance education qualifications of various NWU faculties and to assist with the administrative and logistical aspects of the endeavour. For each participating faculty\'2C an academic manager is designated to act as the link between the UODL and faculty. Learning materials are developed within faculty structures. School directors and lecturers are responsible for the  compilation of appropriate learning materials that serve the outcomes\'2C assessment criteria and intention of modules and qualifications. \line \line The quality enhancement policy framework of NWU includes procedures and mechanisms to enhance digital-mediated teaching and assessment\'3B the learning environment of students\'2C including digital learning platforms\'3B and student support. All NWU qualifications taught via the digital learning platform and managed by the UODL are submitted to strict quality assurance procedures that monitor teaching and learning. In this regard\'2C tools and functionalities of the digital learning platform eFundi are utilised to monitor teaching and learning. The enhancement of the quality of technology-mediated teaching in the Faculty of Theology encompasses professional development through meaningful training\'2C appropriate workload models and performance appraisal\'2C linked to reward and recognition.\line A comprehensive training programme has been developed and approved by the Faculty. This programme is mandatory for all academic staff who teach and tutor in the distance education qualifications of the Faculty. It consists of a number of supervised workshops conducted by CTL and specialists in ODL. The training is facilitated in eight workshops.\line \line The curriculum for contact and distant students is the same\'2C but teaching learning strategies and assessment methods differ substantially. This includes study guides which also differ\'2C especially since more focused study guidance is provided to beginner students. Assessment and student support have been described above. At learning centres\'2C where tutors facilitate learning\'2C students can participate in seminar classes. Tutors are also trained to assist and support students with advice needed.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme is approved with a condition.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Theology Honours \'28120 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The Institution should clarify whether certain module outcomes require WIL\'3B the large percentage of contact-time for this distance learning programme\'3B and whether the programme can be completed in one-year full-time. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}