{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 6th October 2020\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR945\'2FE003CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Thulaganyo Nursing School \'28pty\'29ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql  Thulaganyo Nursing school\line Old Batlhaping High School\line Taung\line 8584\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Thulaganyo Nursing School is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and does not have programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution applied for accreditation of the Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 10th of March 2020 and HEQC meeting held on the 7th of April 2020.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. The title of the programme does not meet policy requirements. \line 2. The institutional Teaching and Learning Policy is a 2-page document that holds no information on teaching and learning. The document was due for a review in 2018 and appears outdated.\line 3. Criterion 6 of the application refers to block sessions\'2C and it is noted that students attend 4-week block sessions. The mode of delivery for the programme is vague\'2C and while the application states that it will be delivered as a contact programme\'2C it is not evident from the information in the application.\line 4. The Assessment Policy provides limited information\'2C and the information in the policy is applicable to another qualification. The assessment strategy is not clear\'2C and the assessment policy is not at a standard that is acceptable for Higher Education.\line 5. The institutional Policy on Certification is not acceptable for Higher Education. The document has not been approved by any institutional structure nor is it dated.\line 6. The modules in the TNS Curriculum Document are old modules from a former programme\'2C and not necessarily appropriate for this programme. Some of the modules are offered over two years \'28or in the second year\'29\'2C but this qualification is offered in one year. Furthermore\'2C the module information indicates dates for revision\'2C and some of these modules were last reviewed in 2017. \line 7. The rules of combination\'2C programme outline\'2C modules\'2C credits and NQF Levels have been omitted from the SAQA document.\line 8. The letter of endorsement from SANC is dated 20 August 2015 and is outdated.\line 9. The majority of credits are obtained via Work-Integrated Learning. However\'2C it is not clear how the Institution intends to find a balance between WIL\'2C practical \'28in laboratories\'29 and theoretical work. The Institution failed to explain what part of the modules is theory-based\'2C and how classes and practical sessions will be scheduled whilst providing for the substantive WIL credits in most of the modules. \line 10. The MOUs provided for clinical training \'28work-placement\'29 is dated and were signed in 2016. The MOUs do not seem to be relevant to this programme.\line 11. The workplace skills plan \'28WSP\'29 only provided a list of staff. No evidence of skills development initiatives was available.\line 12. Section 3.5 of the application refers to a work allocation model\'2C however\'2C this was not clearly explained\'2C and no evidence was provided.\line 13. The Teaching and learning Strategy is not clear\'2C and no information on teaching\'2C teaching methods or the facilitation of learning was available.\line \line The Institution submitted a representation which has been evaluated.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator reviewed the original application\'2C first evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report\'2C the HEQC recommendation that the programme should not be accredited\'2C and the representation made and concluded that the Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing of Thulaganyo Nursing College \'28TNC\'29\'2C as indicated in the representation\'2C was well-structured and aligned with HEQSF requirements. Nonetheless\'2C the evaluator recommended that the programme should not be accredited as certain documents were outstanding.\line \line In the HEQC recommendation\'2C it was stated that the title of the programme did not meet policy requirements. The name of the programme is stated as Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing. In alignment with the requirements of the South African Nursing Council\'2C it should be \'E2\'80\'9CHigher Certificate in Nursing\'E2\'80\'9D. \line \line The HEQC pointed out that the institutional Teaching and Learning Policy was a 2-page document with little information on teaching and learning and was outdated. In the representation\'2C TNC tendered apology for the omission and a revised Teaching and Learning Policy was submitted. The policy focuses on an outcomes-based approach to teaching and learning and includes authentic learning activities\'2C such as experiential learning and simulation. It furthermore directs a flexible approach to learning and teaching to address the academic\'2C professional\'2C and career-related learning needs of a diverse student body. The contact mode of programme delivery is clear\'2C with face-to-face contact\'2C but combined with experiential learning and supported by information and communication technology \'28ICT\'29. ICT is used in assessment as well. The evaluator also noted that Work-Integrated Learning \'28WIL\'29 formed an integral part of the Teaching and Learning Strategy.  Students are placed in the community and in clinical settings\'2C according to the requirements of the professional regulatory board. The principles of continuous and integrated formative and summative assessment are followed. Quality Assurance is ensured by the academic Heads of Department and Principal\'2C in addition to the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s Academic Board and Quality Committee. The policy furthermore directs regular programme reviews. The evaluator concluded that the policy complied with requirements. \line \line In the HEQC recommendation\'2C it was also pointed out that the mode of delivery for the programme was vague. According to the representation\'2C the modules are presented as four-week blocks in January\'2C May\'2C August and October\'2C while clinical placement occurs in two periods of nine weeks each and one period of five weeks. Simulation-based practical training is presented over a period of four weeks to proceed to clinical training. It is clear that the programme will be delivered in the contact mode. \line \line The HEQC indicated that the Assessment Policy provided limited information and that it was not at an acceptable standard for Higher Education. In response\'2C TNC has provided the most recent\'2C approved Policy on Assessment. The policy includes the Institutional Assessment Strategy\'2C moderation\'2C and related operational practices. The evaluator found that specific learning outcomes in the various modules were aligned with assessment criteria\'3B continuous and integrated formative and summative assessment was outlined in accordance with the Teaching and Learning Policy\'3B and that various assessment tools would be used\'2C such as assignments\'2C  projects\'2C workbooks and portfolios of evidence. Summative assessment comprises written examinations and an objective structured clinical examination \'28OSCE\'29 to assess WIL. The evaluator\'2C however\'2C indicated that although the policy was discussed\'2C the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s Policy on Assessment and Moderation was not uploaded. Link to the aforementioned concern\'2C the HEQC had indicated that the institutional Policy on Certification was not acceptable for Higher Education. The most recent\'2C approved Policy on Certification was submitted with the representation.  The evaluator found that\'2C although Annexure D was listed in the Table of Contents submitted\'2C the annexure was not uploaded.  \line \line Another concern raised by the HEQC was that the modules in the TNS Curriculum Document were old modules from a former programme and were not necessarily appropriate for this programme. In the representation\'2C a revised curriculum for the NQF level 5 aligned Higher Certificate in Nursing\'2C to be offered over a period of one year\'2C was included. The programme consists of six modules\'2C all on NQF level 5\'2C with a total of 120 credits. The evaluator indicated that these modules were aligned with HEQSF requirements. The modules will be presented in four blocks of four weeks each\'2C over a period of one year. The module content is clearly outlined\'2C and the specific learning outcomes are stipulated in each module and aligned with the assessment criteria and NQF level. The exit level outcomes are defined as well and aligned with the purpose of the qualification\'2C as well as requirements set by the SANC. The concerns have been addressed.\line \line In the recommendation\'2C it was indicated that the rules of combination\'2C programme outline\'2C modules\'2C credits and NQF levels had been omitted from the SAQA document. This omission has been corrected in the representation that included the SAQA application with a clear programme outline. Six modules form part of the programme. All the modules are compulsory and on NQF level 5. The exit level outcomes are stipulated and aligned with assessment criteria. The number of credits contributed by each module is defined and divided between the theory and WIL components.  \line \line The HEQC recommendation pointed to the outdated letter of endorsement from SANC. The Institution responded that it was still awaiting an updated letter from the SANC regarding the new programme application.\line \line As far as the programme design in the original application was concerned\'2C the HEQC had indicated that it was not clear how the Institution intended to find a balance between WIL\'2C practical \'28in laboratories\'29 and theoretical work. In the representation\'2C it was indicated that WIL comprises a total of 72 credits in this programme. This is aligned with SANC requirements. WIL forms part of all the modules\'2C except the fundamental module called Bio-Medical Sciences and Pharmacology. The evaluator\'2C however\'2C pointed out that there was a discrepancy in the documentation attached\'2C which only allocated 40 credits to WIL in the Basic Nursing Care module\'2C which differ from the 48 credits indicated in the representation. Simulation-based practical sessions are presented to precede clinical placement. Clinical facilitators accompany students during WIL. Continuous assessment occurs during WIL. The evaluator also noted that external moderators with adequate and appropriate subject expertise are appointed to moderate summative assessments. An Assessment Committee oversees assessment. The programme design therefore conforms to SANC requirements. It was furthermore noted by the HEQC that the MOUs submitted initially were dated and did not seem to be relevant to this programme. In the representation\'2C the MOU between Thulaganyo Nursing School and the Greater Taung Sub-district was attached. This MOU was signed on 28 May 2020 and facilitates WIL at several community clinics. MOUs were also signed between the Institution and Jane Keyzer Private Clinic\'2C and Schweizer-Reneke District Hospital. The evaluator found these MOUs valid in addressing the concern. \line \line Another concern raised was that the workplace skills plan \'28WSP\'29 only provided a list of staff but no indication of skills development initiatives. In the representation\'2C TNS indicated that all of the staff members were adequately and appropriately qualified and experienced to deliver this programme. In addition\'2C TNC will provide professional development for at least two employees annually and will obtain the services of a skills development facilitator if required. The evaluator found this arrangement acceptable. Linked to the aforementioned concern\'2C TNC had not initially explained their work allocation model and no evidence was provided of such a model. In response\'2C TNS indicated that the academic workload was divided between six staff members. The evaluator found the workload acceptable\'2C especially if this is the only programme currently offered. \line \line The HEQC had also stated that the Teaching and Learning Strategy was not clear\'2C and that no information on teaching\'2C teaching methods or the facilitation of learning was available. In the representation\'2C it was indicated that the Teaching and Learning Strategy was aligned with the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s Teaching and Learning Policy. The theory components in the modules are presented as four-week blocks in January\'2C May\'2C August and October\'2C while clinical placement occurs in two periods of nine weeks each and one period of five weeks. Simulation-based practical training is presented over a period of four weeks\'2C preceding clinical training. Various teaching and learning activities are used\'2C such as lectures\'2C group work and role-play.  Audio-visual material is widely used and includes DVD-\'2C poster- and PowerPoint presentations.   \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should be accredited with conditions.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The Institution must provide a letter of approval of the programme from the South African Nursing Council \'28SANC\'29.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 2. The Institution should submit the Policy on Assessment and Moderation and the Policy on Certification.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 3. The CHE will conduct a site visit to verify whether the Institution has the capacity in terms of infrastructure\'2C resources and facilities to offer a higher education programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1 - 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line The programme must be referred to as the Higher Certificate in Nursing in all instances.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}