{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR331\'2FE003CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Compass Academy of Learning\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Grade R teaching\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 15 Geyser Street\line Mokopane\line 0600\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Compass Academy of Learning is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes that are accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Diploma in Grade R Teaching programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 31st July \'E2\'80\'93 02nd August 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 13th September 2018.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line \line 1. The distance education mode is poorly conceptualized and described. No detail is given about the delivery process of learning materials for distance learning and it is stated that facilitators are to conduct assessment\'2C but no further explanation of this learning environment for distance students is provided. No information about the distance education model that has contact sessions and centres along with the available infrastructure at these centers has been provided.\line 2. The Policy for Distance Leaning is not yet approved and the Open Distance Policy is generic and does not address the needs of this programme. There is no relation between the implementation plan mentioned in the Open Distance Policy and the Implementation Plan presented. In addition\'2C the training\'2C monitoring and supporting of staff members for the specialized distance education roles are generic and do not address the special needs for distance learning as it pertains to the proposed programme.\line 3. The 6 weeks allocated for the WIL modules do not comply to minimum standards of 12 weeks as prescribed by MRTEQ.\line 4. The programme is not aligned with the MRTEQ and the HEQSF requirements. The modules do not allow for knowledge progression in the programme as they are all located at NQF Level 6. The application lacks detail on the guidance students receive through the 50\'25 of independent self-study.\line 5. The 6 weeks allocated for the WIL modules does not comply with minimum requirements of 12 weeks as prescribed by MRTEQ.\line 6. No staff members with distance education support skills are mentioned. The different roles and responsibilities of tutors\'2C facilitators\'2C a senior facilitator\'2C administrative staff members and a technical staff member \'28full-time or part-time\'29 are not indicated and it is not clear how staff members will be trained to fulfil the different specialized needs for distance education.\line 7. The Teaching and Learning Policy and the implementation thereof is vague and is not clear on the available student support systems to address the needs of distance learning students. The Student Support Policy addresses emotional counselling and appeal procedures as part of disciplinary process\'2C but no information on academic support is mentioned. It is also stated that tutorials will be conducted through face-to-face contact\'2C telephone and social media\'2C but it is not clear how this will be done in the distance mode of delivery.\line 8. The Institution has not addressed the assessment of teaching practice in the programme.\line 9. Detail on appropriate resources\'2C facilities and IT infrastructure for the distance education mode and students access to these resources\'2C facilities and infrastructure have not been provided and it is not clear how students will undergo the extensive training programmes in IT along with the usage of the library.\line 10. The MIS appears to be in a development phase and information is not specific and does not take the needs of the distance education student in consideration. No information about the technical aspects of the system\'2C reports to students and security features of the system was provided.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the original application\'3B the reasons for the made by the Institution\'2C the HEQC recommendation not to accredit the programme and the representation submitted by the Institution and recommended that the programme be accredited with conditions. \line \line The HEQC recommendation stated that the distance education mode was poorly conceptualized and described. No detail was given about the delivery process of learning materials for distance learning and it was stated that facilitators are to conduct assessment\'2C but no further explanation of this learning environment for distance students is provided. No information about the distance education model that has contact sessions and centres along with the available infrastructure at these centers has been provided.  The evaluator indicated that the Institution has demonstrated an acceptable understanding of the concept of distance education in the revised documentation supplied in the representation. It seems that the Institution has a sincere intention to offer a good distance-learning programme. However\'2C the response lacks evidence to back up this intention. Explicit evidence that learning materials cater to the learning needs of target student intake is not provided. \line \line Access to the learning material \'22provided on Google Classroom that is used as the Learning Management System\'22 would have provided a more convincing argument regarding potential competence as a higher education distance education provider. Alternatively\'2C examples of planning templates of selected modules could have provided evidence of sound distance education planning competence.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the Institution has demonstrated an acceptable understanding of distance education\'2C but is of the view that evidence of learning materials \'28in the form of a few examples\'29 are required to determine whether the Institution will be able to cater for the learning needs of distance learning students as this is a new institution planning on offering in the distance mode of delivery.\line \line In the recommendation made by the HEQC it was stated that the Policy for Distance Leaning is not yet approved and the Open Distance Policy is generic and does not address the needs of this programme. There is no relation between the implementation plan mentioned in the Open Distance Policy and the Implementation Plan presented. In addition\'2C the training\'2C monitoring and supporting of staff members for the specialized distance education roles are generic and do not address the special needs for distance learning as it pertains to the proposed programme. A revised and institutionally approved Distance Education Policy was provided as part of the representation documentation\'2C with a plan for programme implementation. The evaluator indicated that the submitted information indicates that this reason has been addressed.\line \line In the recommendation made by the HEQC it was stated that the 6 weeks allocated for the WIL modules do not comply to minimum requirements of 12 weeks as prescribed by MRTEQ.  The evaluator indicated that the structure of the programme has been changed to comply with the WIL requirements outlined in the Revised policy on the minimum requirements for Teacher Education Qualifications \'28DHET. Government Gazette No. 38487\'2C 19 February 2015\'29. Consequently\'2C the programme includes 13 weeks that are allocated to Work-Integrated Learning \'28WIL\'29.\line \line The HEQC recommendation also indicated the programme is not aligned with the MRTEQ and the HEQSF requirements. The modules do not allow for knowledge progression in the programme as they are all located at NQF Level 6. The application lacks detail on the guidance students receive through the 50\'25 of independent self-study. The Institution provided an insightful curriculum outline where the modules are mapped against the exit level outcomes of the programme. The revised Diploma includes modules on NQF Levels 5 and 6 to allow for knowledge progression from Year 1 to Year 3\'2C and the level of complexity of the modules increases from Year 1 to Year 3\'22. The Dip \'28Grade R Teaching\'29 meets the requirements as outlined in the MRTEQ and the HEQSF. The Dip \'28Grade R Teaching\'29 has been restructured to provide for 13 weeks of WIL. and the programme meets minimum requirements.\line \line The HEQC recommendation stated that no staff members with distance education support skills were mentioned. The different roles and responsibilities of tutors\'2C facilitators\'2C a senior facilitator\'2C administrative staff members and a technical staff member \'28full-time or part-time\'29 are not indicated and it is not clear how staff members will be trained to fulfil the different specialized needs for distance education. The evaluator confirmed that two permanently employed staff members have extensive distance education experience and are therefore competent to offer guidance to colleagues and support distance education. Also\'2C the roles and responsibilities of full-time and part-time staff members in the delivery of the programme are clearly described. The reasons for non-accreditation has been addressed sufficiently.\line \line Another concern raised by the HEQC stated that the Teaching and Learning Policy and the implementation thereof is vague and is not clear on the available student support systems to address the needs of distance learning students. The Student Support Policy addresses emotional counselling and appeal procedures as part of disciplinary process\'2C but no information on academic support is mentioned. It is also stated that tutorials will be conducted through face-to-face contact\'2C telephone and social media\'2C but it is not clear how this will be done in the distance mode of delivery. The evaluator indicated that the representation documentation contains appropriate evidence regarding teaching and learning procedures and student support plans. The information meets the minimum requirements in terms of reason 7.\line \line The Institution was informed that it had not addressed the assessment of teaching practice in the programme. As a response the Institution provided the Assessment and Moderation Policy and Procedures as addendum to the representation. The evaluator indicated that no specific details are provided regarding the procedures for assessment of students during Work Integrated Learning \'28WIL\'29 opportunities. \line \line Limited information on the assessment of WIL are available in the SAQA submission\'2C i.e.\'3A\line o Work Integrated Learning\'3A Practicum of Grade R teaching and portfolio development \'284 weeks\'29\'2C 16 credits.\line o Each module of the qualification will be assessed separately or in combination with other modules in an integrated assessment.\line o All modules will be summatively assessed through an examination\'2C either individually or together with other modules in an integrated assessment. The summative assessments will be designed as integrated assessments in order to confirm that the student is able to demonstrate applied competence. The evaluator indicated that appropriate policies and procedures should be put into place in order to clarify how assessment and moderation of practice will take place.\line he HEQC recommendation also indicated that the detail on appropriate resources\'2C facilities and IT infrastructure for the distance education mode and students\'27 access to these resources\'2C facilities and infrastructure have not been provided and it is not clear how students will undergo the extensive training programmes in IT along with the usage of the library.\line \line The revised Distance Education Policy acknowledges the importance of supporting students from the application phase all the way through their studies. Engagement with students is primarily through Google Classroom and students are assisted to become familiar with the associated technology. \line \line The Student Support Policy outlines three aspects of support offered to students\'3A Academic support\'2C General information support and Technical support. When technical challenges confront students in the electronic learning environment\'2C CAL has several mechanisms in place to assist students. Support is provided by the Programme Administrator\'2C supported by the IT specialist employed or contracted by CAL.  The evaluator indicated that the information that was submitted by the Institution has addressed the reason for non-accreditation.\line \line Lastly\'2C the HEQC recommendation also indicated that the MIS appears to be in a development phase and information is not specific and does not take the needs of the distance education student in consideration. No information about the technical aspects of the system\'2C reports to students and security features of the system was provided.  The Institution uses Virtual-IT as its Management Information System. In addition to capturing student particulars and results\'2C it is possible to track at-risk student and then initiate support processes. It is also possible to track lecturer engagement with students to ensure that it is possible distance education students remain connected to their lecturer and to each other.\line \line The evaluator indicated that Compass Academy of Learning made a substantive effort to address the concerns raised by the HEQC. The Institution restructured the curriculum to meet the minimum requirements and provided sufficient evidence to demonstrate that its submission complies to most of the minimum requirements.\line \line The Directorate hereby recommends that the programme is accredited with conditions.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Grade R teaching \'28360 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1.  In order to demonstrate clear evidence of an ability to plan and deliver distance education appropriately\'2C the Institution should provide an example of planned learning materials to demonstrate how the materials will cater for the learning needs of distance students. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1\'2C 5 \'26 10\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. Work-Integrated Learning is a key component of the programme that is not addressed in the institutional policies. The procedures linked to the assessment and moderation of students\'27 teaching practice should be detailed in the relevant institutional policies.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1 \'26 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 3. The Institution must confirm alignment of the programme with the MRTEQ by providing the letter of approval from the Teacher Education Programme Evaluation Committee \'28TEPEC\'29.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}