{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH04\'2FE101CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Durban University of Technology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Ecotourism\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Riverside\line 19 Aberfeldy Road\line Scottsville\line Pietermaritzburg\line 3209\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Durban University of Technology \'28DUT\'29 is a public higher education Institution whose programmes have been accredited by the CHE and registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training. \line \line The Diploma in Ecotourism programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 19th \'3F 21st November 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 14th of February 2019.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line \line 1. The programme design has critical weaknesses and does not constitute a programme that is coherently designed and well-conceptualised. There is a lack of a clear discernable knowledge progression from 1st year to the 3rd year in the programme. In some instances modules are not pitched at the appropriate NQF Level and the naming of the modules is problematic. Moreover\'2C there is an overlap in the contents of some modules in the curriculum and other modules seem to be only irrelevantly linked to the focus of the qualification.\line \line NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A The Institution should indicated that a maximum of 10\'25 of the student cohort may be accepted into the programme via the RPL route in the RPL policy.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The Directorate recommends that the programme is not accredited.\line The evaluator considered the original application made\'2C the first evaluator\'3Fs report\'2C the recommendation by the HEQC not to accredit the programme and the representations made by the Institution and came to the conclusion that the programme should not be accredited\'2Faccredited with conditions\'2F accredited. The evaluator argued the conditions relating to programme design and modules has not been adequately addressed. The discrepancies found within the modules and throughout the programme design should have been addressed\'2C yet\'2C there is no evidence of progression through the years and the modules are pitched at the incorrect NQF level. Overlaps remain within modules and more overlaps were identified. The naming convention of modules remains a concern.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the programme design has critical weaknesses and does not constitute a programme that is coherently designed and well conceptualised. \line The evaluator found that the institution provided an explanation of the approach used in formulating the programme design. This included a SWOT analysis of the institution\'3Fs current offerings and a benchmarking exercise. An advisory board was also consulted\'2C and a critical evaluation took place. For this representation\'2C the institution undertook a comprehensive review in which the curriculum was reorganized and restructured to address the programme design issues identified. However\'2C the programme design remains problematic. After analysing the programme design with the information provided in the Module Details documents\'2C there appears to be discrepancies with modules\'2C credits\'2C levels\'2C naming and purposes and outcomes. The following is an indication of the problems encountered\'2C listed per module. \line \'3F Ecotourism Development 1\'3A Introduction to Tourism Development \'3F outcomes are not pitched at the appropriate level\'2C and as an introductory module\'2C it is unclear how the foundational aspects of ecotourism development are developed. \line \'3F Ecotourism Development 2B\'3A Community Based Tourism\'2C should be presented before Ecotourism Development 2A\'3A Local Economic Development \'28the former includes a more principled approach and introduces socioeconomic developments\'2C which lead into local economic developments\'29. \line \'3F Ecotourism Management 1\'3A Principles of Wildlife Management\'3A as the first module of Ecotourism Management\'2C the principles and foundations of management should have been established \'3F not specifically for wildlife management\'3B also\'2C this module should have only been called Wildlife Management as no ecotourism \'28which stretches beyond wildlife\'29 management has been covered. \line \'3F Ecotourism Management 2\'3A Wildlife Management is another module which should have only been called Wildlife Management as no ecotourism \'28which stretches beyond wildlife\'29 management has been covered\'3B this module is completely wildlife\'2Fgame ranger oriented and not in line with the name\'2Fpurpose of the qualification\'3B and\'2C the outcome \'3FDemonstrate an understanding of the common wildlife diseases in South Africa and apply disease management strategies\'3F\'2C does not seem to be appropriate for a level 6 Diploma. \line \'3F Ecotourism Management 3\'3A Field Guiding contains academically unsound outcomes\'2C and this module is completely wildlife\'2Fgame ranger oriented\'2C and not in line with the name\'2Fpurpose of the qualification. \line \'3F Responsible Tourism 2B\'3A Cultural Heritage Management has outcomes which all speak to cultural tourism\'2C but with no mention of heritage as well as no mention of any form of management. \line \'3F The Introduction to French Basics-module as well as the French in Practice-module are claimed in the T\'26L Section of the Module Detail document\'2C \'3FThe intention is to orientate second-year students to independent and student-centered study\'3F\'2C however this module is offered in 1st year in this qualification. The level at which Introduction to Marketing is offered\'2C is not clear.\line \'3F It is not clear how students will be adequately equipped to address this outcome \'3FConstruct a marketing plan using strategic marketing planning tools for a tourism\'2F eco-tourism business\'3F in the Ecotourism Marketing module\'2C since students will only have the foundations of marketing knowledge.\line \'3F In the Service Excellence and Work Preparedness module\'2C the outcome\'2C \'3FCompare the various sectors of the hospitality industry\'3F appears to be out of context and not related to the Ecotourism Diploma. This module is presented as a level 5 in the 3rd year and contains content that should be covered in 1st yr\'3B there also is no outcome that covers \'3Fwork preparedness\'3F. \line \'3F The Environmental Management and Legislation module has only one outcome presented that relates to legislation \'3F \'3FDiscuss important aspects of the National Environmental Management Act 107 of 1998 and amendments\'3F. The statement \'3F \'3FEcotourism provides funds to further nature conservation and environmental management practices\'3F\'2C is misleading. Legislation should be removed from this module and included into the \'3FGlobal Environmental issues\'3F module.\line \'3F In the Work Integrated Learning\'2C a credit discrepancy is present\'2C with the module detail document stating 44 credit\'2C while the submission states 48 credits. No information was provided to explain what is carried out in this module. The information provided does not include any reference to Ecotourism\'2C it is therefore unclear what the students will be expected to do. \line All in all\'2C the programme design lacks a clear and focused structure that shows distinct progression through the years of study. The modules are not in all regards relevant to the qualification and the purpose of the qualification. The proposed programme design and modules include errors and discrepancies\'2C making it difficult to conduct a thorough evaluation.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that there is a lack of clear discernable knowledge progression from 1st to 3rd year in the programme.\line The evaluator found that the institution conducted an extensive benchmarking exercise which revealed trends of the local and international market\'2C findings were that ecotourism qualifications should unpack knowledge and skills that enable prospective employers to have a clear understanding of what the students have studied. Further to this\'2C the institution identified a challenge in the naming of modules and state that the current module names \'3Fhide the important aspects of management\'3F and this results in the industry questioning what the programme entails. In response to this reason for non-accreditation\'2C the institution provides a comparison table including 4 different institutions\'2C highlighting the lack of coherent and well conceptualised design and module naming conventions. The institution states that they have agreed to the CHE\'3Fs request and made the progression from 1st to 3rd year explicit. \line However\'2C in light of the problems identified above\'2C it is difficult to ascertain whether there is sufficient and clear progression from one year to another. As mentioned above\'2C there is no logical flow\'2C nor is there progression evident in the Ecotourism Development modules. As identified above\'2C the Ecotourism Management modules and the Responsible Tourism modules are problematic\'2C and it is therefore not evident of the progression within these modules.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the in some instances\'2C modules are not pitched at the appropriate level and the naming of modules is problematic. \line The evaluator found that in response to this condition\'2C the institution revised the module outcomes to align with NQF 5 and 6 level descriptors of two modules\'3A Ecotourism Management 1\'3A Principles of Wildlife Management\'2C and Ecotourism Management 2\'3A Wildlife Management. The institution claimed that the \'3Flearning outcomes of these modules were revisited\'2C and using the NQF level descriptors and appropriate taxonomies\'2C the outcomes were revised for improved alignment with the appropriate NQF levels\'3F. Three module names were revisited and are as follows\'3A Local Economic Development and Poverty Reduction renamed to Ecotourism Development 1\'3A Local Economic Development\'3B International Practices for Ecotourism and Conservation Management renamed to Ecotourism Development 2A\'3A International Practices for Ecotourism\'3B Community based Ecotourism Development renamed to Ecotourism Development 2B\'3A Community Based Tourism.\line However\'2C while the evaluator understands the trends of the industry and prospective employers of the graduates\'2C it is essential that the module names reflect the content that will be covered within the modules. There are some modules\'2C identified by the evaluator\'2C that remain named incorrectly. \line \'3F Responsible Tourism 2A\'3A International Practices for Ecotourism\'2C is a module which cannot refer to International practices as students have not yet covered local practices nor have they enough knowledge to apply the principles of responsible tourism to an international arena.\line \'3F Responsible Tourism 2B\'3A Cultural Heritage Management are better names Responsible Tourism 2B\'3A Cultural Tourism \'28see above\'29 \line As mentioned in the response to condition 1\'2C there are modules that are presented at the incorrect NQF level. In addition to those mentioned above\'2C in the Global Environmental Issues module\'2C the outcomes are not pitched at the correct level. For a Level 5 module\'2C expecting a student to analyse\'2C explore and elaborate on content that is covered for the first time\'2C is implausible \'28this expectation should be required at a level 6 or 7\'29. There is no basic environmental knowledge included in the outcomes. Within the submission on p.6\'2C Table 6 only refers to how the modules meet the level 6 descriptors. Insufficient information provided to evaluate how level 5 descriptors are met. \line In short\'2C a number of modules within this qualification are not pitched at the correct level and it is unclear how a student would be capable of meeting the outcomes of modules pitched at a level 6 without the prior level 5 knowledge and skills. The institution did not ensure that the fundamentals and requirements of level 5 descriptors are met before a student can successfully attempt to master a level 6 module.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that there is an overlap in the contents of some modules in the curriculum. \line The evaluator found that the institution reviewed the modules and addressed the identified overlaps. The Ecology and Ecosystems overlaps were removed in the following modules\'3A Global Environmental issues\'3B Ecotourism Management 1\'3A Principles of Wildlife Management\'3B and\'2C Ecotourism Management 2\'3A Wildlife Management.\line However\'2C other overlaps exist within the following modules\'3A \line \'3F Responsible Tourism 1 - Social and community responsibilities of Ecotourism Management \'3F overlaps with Ecotourism Development 2A and 2B\line \'3F Business Communications and Information Literacy striving to have students \'3Fcompetent once they enter the world of work\'3F overlaps with Service excellence and work preparedness module. \'3FSummon Discovery tool and search engines such as Google\'3F and also overlaps with Introduction to Technology module.\line \'3F \'3FProficiency and Competencies\'2C including\'3A Information literacy\'2C Communication \'28oral and written\'29\'2C Technology applications\'2C Quantitative Reasoning\'3F overlaps with the Cornerstone module.\line Throughout the qualification a number of overlaps exist\'2C and a synergy of outcomes and knowledge is lacking throughout the qualification\'2C even where the direct repetition of information and content should not take place. To remove the majority of the overlaps\'2C a number of the \'3Fgeneral education\'3F modules could be combined as one module and thus eliminating the overlapping content. Responsible Tourism modules should be restructured to ensure the overlap with Ecotourism Management modules is removed.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the other modules seem to be only irrelevantly linked to the focus of the qualification.\line The evaluator found that the institution provided a detailed response to this condition explaining which modules are considered as first majors\'2C second majors and sub majors for the qualification. The response included a discussion on the importance of business modules as Ecotourism takes place within a business framework. The inclusion of French was explained as important due to the many Francophone countries locates in Africa and that Pietermaritzburg draws a significant amount of French speaking tourists. The additional \'3Fperceived as irrelevantly linked\'3F modules were discussed as being important general education modules that are included to develop students\'3F attributes\'2C knowledge and skills to further enable students to cope with daily challenges\'2C maser the self and understand their role in the broader context through social interaction. \line However\'2C given the points raised by the evaluator under condition 1\'2C it is difficult to have a clear understanding of the programme design. The evaluator argues that the modules relating to Wildlife are not purely related to ecotourism. At a diploma level a foundational knowledge and understanding of the wildlife sector would be sufficient. This qualification includes three modules and the wildlife sector is covered in detail. These modules are the Ecotourism Management modules \'281\'2C 2 and 3\'29. When looking at pure ecotourism modules\'2C this qualification only includes 33\'25 of the credits to cover ecotourism\'2C which is insufficient for the name of the qualification. Modules such as Cornerstone 101\'2C Numeracy Skills\'2C Business Communications and Information Literacy\'2C Service Excellence and Work Preparedness and Introduction to Technology all include too many overlaps and could potentially be combined into one or two modules. Although the evaluator understands the need for general education modules\'2C this qualification includes a total of 17\'25 of credits awarded to general education. Furthermore\'2C the inclusion of modules such as Entrepreneurial Edge and Business management cover very similar content and this should be covered within the same module and related to the ecotourism discipline.  \line In the end\'2C the Institution needs to redesign the programme design ensuring that all modules within the qualification are linked to the purpose of the qualification\'2C in means of relevance\'2C skills development and application.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Ecotourism \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql A number of modules within this qualification are not pitched at the correct level and it is unclear how a student would be capable of meeting the outcomes of modules pitched at a level 6 without the prior level 5 knowledge and skills\'3B and\'2C the fundamentals and requirements of level 5 descriptors are not met before introducing level 6 skills.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The Ecotourism Management modules and the Responsible Tourism modules are problematic\'2C and it is therefore not evident of the progression within these modules.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The programme design does not ensure that all modules within the qualification are linked to the purpose of the qualification\'2C in means of relevance\'2C skills development and application.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The programme design lacks a clear and focused structure that shows distinct progression through the years of study\'3B the modules are not in all regards relevant to the qualification and the purpose of the qualification\'3B and the proposed programme design and modules include errors and discrepancies\'2C making it difficult to conduct a thorough evaluation.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql Throughout the qualification a number of overlaps exist\'2C and a synergy of outcomes and knowledge is lacking throughout the qualification even where the direct repetition of information and content should not take place.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}