{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Re-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR655\'2FE001CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql MSC Education Holdings \'28Pty\'29 Ltd t\'2Fa MSC Business College\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Information Technology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 390\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql East London Campus\line 14 Saint Matthews Road\line Tudor Court\line Southernwood\line 5201\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line Application background\line \line Introduction\'3A\line The MSC Education Holdings \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training \'28DHET\'29 as a private higher education institution \'28PHEI\'29 and has the following programmes accredited by the Council on Higher Education\'3A\line 1. Diploma in Information Technology \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 360 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR655\'2FE001CAN\'29\'3B\line 2. Bachelor of Business Administration in Management \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360 credits\'2C distance mode\'2C  H\'2FPR655\'2FE003CAN\'29.\line \line The programmes are registered for offering at the following registered site of delivery \'28DHET Register of PHEIs\'2C 4 April 2019\'29\'3A\line \'E2\'80\'A2 East London\'3A 14 Saint Mathews Road\'2C Tudor Court\'2C Southernwood\'2C East London\'2C 5201.\line \line It should be noted that the site of delivery appears to accommodate both contact and distance modes of delivery.\line \line Accreditation applications\'3A\line The Institution has submitted the following applications for programme accreditation\'3A\line 1. Diploma in Information Technology \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 390 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR655\'2FE001CAN\'29\line - Application submission date\'3A 2012-07-02\line - The application was deferred \'28CHE letter\'2C 28 November 2012\'29. The reason for deferral was that\'3A\line The CHE will conduct a site visit in due course to verify the capacity of the Institution to\line ensure quality higher education. \line - The site visit was conducted on 16 April 2013.\line - Following the site visit\'2C the Institution was informed that it did \'E2\'80\'9Cnot comply with the minimum standards in terms of the physical facilities available\'E2\'80\'9D \'28Letter from MSC to CHE\'2C 8 August 2013\'29. The Institution had to submit a detailed development plan \'E2\'80\'9Cto indicate how each of the issues under criterion 7 will be resolved to ensure that the site is compliant in meeting the minimum requirements for offering higher education programmes\'E2\'80\'9D \'28ibid\'29. \line - The programme was accredited with a short-term condition \'28CHE letter\'2C 24 November 2014\'29\'2C i.e.\'3A\line 1. The institution should provide evidence of the following\'3A\line - the agreement with the University of Fort Hare\line - the institution plans for expansion prior to any additional qualifications being offered\line - the agreement with Sabinet\line - information on the reviewed list of library holdings for each module.\line It should be confirmed\'2C during the 2018 reaccreditation process\'2C whether the condition was met.\line \line 2. Bachelor of Business Administration in Management \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360 credits\'2C distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR655\'2FE003CAN\'29\line - Application submission date\'3A 2015-06-30\line - The programme was accredited with six prior to commencement and four short-term conditions \'28CHE letter\'2C 16 August 2016\'29. The conditions were met\'2C except for the short-term condition of a site visit \'28CHE letter\'2C 01 December 2016\'29.\line - A site visit should be scheduled for this Institution.\line \line 3. Bachelor of Business Administration in Project Management \'28HEQSF aligned programme and title\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360 credits\'2C distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR655\'2FE004CAN\'29\line - Application submission date\'3A 2016-11-23\line - The programme was initially not accredited \'28CHE letter\'2C 15 November 2017\'29 and a representation was submitted.\line - The programme was accredited with three prior to commencement conditions and a note to the Institution that the programme title should be HEQSF aligned \'28CHE letter\'2C 17 October 2018\'29.\line - It should be verified whether the conditions have been met.\line \line 4. Diploma in Information Technology \'28distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR655\'2FE005CAN \'E2\'80\'93 same title as the accredited contact programme\'29\line - Application submission date\'3A 2016-11-23\line - The programme was not accredited \'28CHE letter\'2C 13 November 2017\'29.\line - The Institution had an opportunity to submit a representation in respect of the outcome.\line \line Reaccreditation applications\'3A\line This is the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s first reaccreditation cycle. It has submitted one programme for evaluation during the 2018 reaccreditation process\'2C i.e. its only contact programme\'2C namely the Diploma in Information Technology \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 390 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR655\'2FE001CAN\'29.\line \line Sites\'3A\line Only one site visit was conducted thus far \'28in 2013\'29. A site visit linked to the accreditation of the Bachelor of Business Administration in Management \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360 credits\'2C distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR655\'2FE003CAN\'29 is outstanding. \line \line It appears that there was a relocation of site as programmes were initially accredited for offering at the registered East London site situated at 14 Saint Matthews Road\'2C Tudor Court\'2C Southernwood\'2C 5201. \line \line However\'2C the Bachelor of Business Administration in Project Management programme was accredited \'28with prior to commencement conditions\'29 in 2018 for offering at the Main Campus\'2C 26 Bonza Bay Road\'2C Beacon Bay\'2C East London. The application for the non-accredited Diploma in Information Technology \'28distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR655\'2FE005CAN\'29 also reflects the aforementioned Bonza Bay site. It should be confirmed whether this is an approved site of delivery and\'2C if so\'2C why it is not listed in the current DHET Register \'284 April 2019\'29.  \line \line It should be noted that the institutional profile \'28accessed 24 April 2019\'29 reflects the following physical address for the Main Campus\'3A\line 26 Bonza Bay Road\line Beacon Bay\line 5247\line \line As well as the following for Main Campus Lecture Halls\'3A \line 14 Saint Matthews Road \line Tudor Court \line Southernwood \line 5201.\line \line \line Conclusion\'3A\line As stated\'2C the Institution has submitted one programme for evaluation during the 2018 reaccreditation cycle. The programme was peer reviewed by a subject specialist. The evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report follows in the next section. \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator indicated that the programme in terms of all the relevant reaccreditation criteria did not comply with minimum requirements for accreditation. On basis of this\'2C the evaluator suggested that the Institution be issued with a notice of accreditation withdrawal. However\'2C in view of the lack of clarity and at times lack of evidence\'2C a decision not to reaccredit with the option for the Institution to make representation\'2C is a more appropriate evaluation.\line \line The HEQC approved the recommendations of the AC that the Diploma in IT programme be accredited conditionally\'2C and that the Institution should provide evidence of the following\'3A The agreement with University of Fort Hare\'3B the institution plans for expansion prior to any additional qualifications being offered\'3B the agreement with Sabinet regarding information on the reviewed list of library holdings for each module. \line MSC did not provide any agreement with University of Fort Hare\'2C nor did it provide any evidence relating to an agreement with Sabinet. Quality improvements affected institutional plans to address outstanding recommendations that have not been addressed were threefold\'3A due to the student intake being significantly lower than anticipated the need to develop the relationship with Fort Hare for the use of the library was not explored\'3B MSC has not made any additional applications for accreditation and the student numbers have not increased\'3B and\'2C when the expansion becomes necessary\'2C the previous anticipated plans will be implemented. \line \line Conditions have not been met\'2C although the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s situation changed since the previous accreditation.\line \line The evaluator noted a number of concerns related to programme design\'2C including that 5 of the 7 modules in the 3rd year of the 360-credit diploma is at NQF level 7. The total credits for the programme are 390. In the programme design document Entrepreneurship 202 does not have an NQF level indicated. The Networking module is making use of a CompTia certification textbook which raises questions whether the Institution may also offer simultaneous CompTia certificates \'28which are part of the MSC programme profile 2012\'29.\line \line The MSC CHE Syllabus combined document indicates module names\'2C credits and outcomes. No indication of type of assessment used\'2C weights associated with assessment\'2C etc. are indicated. In the SAQA document\'2C however\'2C it is indicated that 4 assessments will take place per semester\'3A 3 assignments \'28objective\'2C subjective\'2C self-assessment\'2C interactive assessment\'2C group projects and\'2For case studies\'29 and a written\'2Fformal semester examination. The Summative Assessment uses terminology \'28e.g. \'E2\'80\'9Cteachers\'E2\'80\'9D\'29 not associated with HE. \line \line WIL is not adequately explained\'2C and calculations in this regard are confusing. MSC planned to roll out with WIL in 2019 but without any details in this regard in the MSC CHE Syllabus combined document. In the programme design document statement structure at the point of accreditation as it is offered in 2017\'2C WIL is indicated on the planner yet in the same document MSC indicate that they will only roll out with WIL from 2019. WIL for 1st year also has no NQF level. For a module of 90 credits\'2C it is very important that the institution provide a proper experiential learning logbook\'2C outcomes per year\'2C module outline and policy. \line \line The credits are unbalanced between 1st semester and 2nd semester for all 3 years. Students are expected to take on average 4 modules ranging from 10 to 15 credits in 2nd semester with WIL with 30 credits \'2870\'2C 85 and 80\'29 credits ranging from 1st \'E2\'80\'93 3rd year. Students may experience the workload too heavy in the second semester. \line \line The majority of textbooks prescribed by MSC are also used by public Universities in the country. It is therefore not difficult to get hold of the prescribed textbooks. However\'2C the updated textbook list also lists versions prior to the current books available. Students will be disadvantaged if there are no prescribed textbooks and only study guides. MSC also does not have any recommended reading books available for students. The majority of textbooks is either 2010\'2C 2011 or 2012\'2C they can be replaced with more current versions.\line \line The enrolment planning of the Institution is confusing.\line \line Evidence provided was not always helpful\'3A e.g. MSC uploaded a review tool with outcomes indicated on left hand side in the document but with no evidence\'3B no boxes ticked. MSC uploaded a Moodle page\'2C but there is not sufficient indication that MSC are actually using the Moodle system to teach with. The MSC CHE 001 programme and material development delivery and evaluation policy was last reviewed in 2013. No indication of policy was approved or signed off at all. The policy is very old and outdated. Other evidence provided\'3A SAQA diploma in IT\'3B Programme profile 2012\'3B MSC CHE 011 programme and material development delivery and evaluation policy\'3B MSC CHE syllabus combined\'3B List of Textbooks and reading material\'3B Budget dev learn materials teaching tech dev infrastructure library holdings\'3B MSC internal Institutional review tool\'3B List of textbooks and reading material.\line Accreditation criterion 1 was not met.\line \line According to the teaching and learning interaction document\'2C MSC planned to make use of coaching and mentoring learning with student mentors being appointed in each class to support learners. However\'2C MSC currently only has 2 students in the Diploma IT as indicated in the spreadsheets. MSC make mention of challenges with Academic Literacy\'2C reading for comprehension and basic typing skills but it is not clear how MSC plans to overcome the challenges. It plans to monitor throughput of students during the year with internal continuous assessments \'28twice per semester\'29\'2C one assignment per semester and a written formal exam per semester. This claim in the teaching and learning interaction is contradictory to the SAQA document where mention is made of more \'28other\'29 assessments during the semester. MSC further makes mention of \'E2\'80\'9CWeak or underperforming students are identified by obtaining results from the internal and external assessments.\'E2\'80\'9D The nature of these \'E2\'80\'9Cexternal assessments\'E2\'80\'9D is not clear. No mention is made of how long a lecture session would be\'2C whether they would have practical classes for programming modules\'2C etc. MSC only identify programming as a challenge. \line \line Using COLE as indicated by MSC is not sufficient as a teaching and learning strategy and practice to support student throughput and pass rates. There are no proper guidelines to students on programme integration and outcomes. Teaching and learning methods are not properly explained\'2C especially not relating to programming modules which they have already identified as an area of concern. With only 2 or 3 students in the whole programme it is not possible to provide proper learning opportunities to students or to get students involved with other learners. In its current format\'2C the programme does not meet the teaching and learning criteria to teach at HE level.\line \line As mentioned above\'2C the institutional document and the SAQA document provide conflicting information on assessment. The total spectrum of assessment\'2C the number of formative assessment interactions\'2C and the relationship between formative and summative assessments are unclear. The anomalies between documents cause confusion as to how many assessments there would be and if it would be in the form of tests or assignments. It is not clear if a student would qualify to write exam if s\'2Fhe did not pass the required continues assessment of 50\'25. According to the assessment policy\'2C all students who have not met the sub minimum of 50\'25 qualify to write a supplementary assessment \'28re-assessment\'29. \line \line Mention is made in the assessment practice document that assessment instruments are designed by internal examiners. Further mention is made of appointment of internal moderators. MSC also indicates that it will appoint external moderators to verify that academic standards in assessments have been set comparable to other HEsI in SA. It is explicitly indicated that MSC will be appointing external moderators for exit level modules\'2C it is only indicated that they will ensure fairness\'2C validity\'2C consistency and reliability of assessments and the marking process. MSC\'E2\'80\'99s distinction between an examiner and a moderator is not clear. In sum\'2C the current assessment policy of MSC is inadequate. Assessment practices are not reliable since no evidence exists that all exit-level modules are externally moderated\'2C and assessment and moderation policies are not aligned to HE policy standards.\line \line Although MSC has tried to explain their academic support programme\'2C it lacks clarity. MSC admitted in the academic development \'28including student support\'29 document that they experience challenges with the implementation of their own COLE\'2C especially with relation to the field of information technology. MSC is still in the process of investigating options to provide support students and staff with respect to financial\'2C academic and support staff. \line \line The budget for developing teaching material is unclear\'2C or whether the budget was spent. Mention is made in the academic development including student support document of the introduction of PERLS at the beginning of 2018 to improve comprehension of reading\'2C as well as typing skills. However\'2C MSC fail to explain who\'2C where and when students are expected to completed these programmes.  The academic development document makes mention of the \'E2\'80\'9Cinternal continuous assessments\'E2\'80\'9D where \'E2\'80\'9Cresults\'E2\'80\'9D are used to monitor student progress. No mention is made whether these results are captured on a system and if it contributes towards a final mark. As in the assessment document MSC is making mention of \'E2\'80\'9Cexternal assessments\'E2\'80\'9D of which the nature is unclear. The planned student mentorship programme cannot work at the site because of low student numbers \'282 students\'29. \line Accreditation criterion 11 was not met.\line \line According to a Site visit report \'2817 Apr 2013\'29\'2C the institution only has 115 computers and not 250 as indicted in its application. Three lecture rooms were shown to the panel with fitted data projectors. There appears to be adequate chairs and tables in each lecturer venue. The computer laboratories\'E2\'80\'99 carrying capacity range in size from 15 computers to 20 computers. During the site visit there was only one shelf that contained books devoted to the new programme offering\'2C but they were out of date in content and subject matter and did not constitute a sufficient resource for students at HE level. \line \line Based on the site visit report\'2C the library is located on the 2nd floor of the building which is unacceptably small and can at most accommodate 10-12 students. There are no computer facilities in the library available for students to work on. It was pointed out to the panel that students may use computer labs when no other classes are being conducted in labs. MSC reported a help desk and counselling room. \line \line According to its development plan \'28Aug 2013\'29 MSC will have at least 5 copies of each textbook per module for every 15 students enrolled. Additional recommended textbooks will also be included in the library. \line \line According to the uploaded infrastructure document\'2C the institution claims that there are computers connected to internet\'2C a photocopy machine and sufficient space for the students as well as a library to support the programme. With its current low student numbers \'283 students\'29 infrastructure may be adequate\'2C but it is not the case if the planned enrolment of 620 students is achieved. MSC indicated in the infrastructure document that they plan to improve on their marketing strategy for the programme and envision that in 2019 they will take in 15 students\'2C with a 20\'25 projected growth per year thereafter and MSC foresees a 50\'25 retention rate. MSC claims that the capacity of the resources will need revision and planning for the 2022 academic year. \line \line In summary\'2C MSC indicated that they anticipate no capital investment or policy adjustments. They prepared a rolling budget for 2019-2023 period which covers learning material development\'2C teaching and learning\'2C maintenance and upgrading of infrastructure and resources and acquisition of library resources. However\'2C it is unclear if the Institution is actually operating at the site for which it has registration for no evidence have been provided to support proof of address where they operate. MSC does not have sufficient library space or resources available to teach the Diploma in IT. There is not sufficient library space available to students to work in\'2C there is also no computers available in the library. MSC did not explore the option to use Fort Hare library as indicated previously. It is unclear from the documents provided exactly how many IT labs\'2C how many lecture rooms etc are dedicated to the Diploma in IT. \line \line Evidence provided include\'3A 2011 MSC EL and HO-OHS audit report final\'3B 2018 MS Office invoice \'28for books purchased\'29\'3B 5-year budget plan for IT Diploma qualification 2019\'3B equipment and infrastructure to deliver the programme \line Accreditation criterion 7 was not met.\line \line Student and staff data 2016 indicated that only 3 students are enrolled for contact delivery and according to the 2017 report these 3 students are still 1st year students. According to the evidence student and retention throughput rates only one of the students from 2016 out of the 3 is currently working towards achieving all the credits required from the 1st year of studies. According to the report MSC also have weekly meetings to monitor student progress between the internal Management Information System \'28MIS\'29 the Learner Online Information System \'28LOIS\'29\'2C programme coordinator\'2C Campus Principal and the QA department. \line \line In its action improvement plan\'2C MSC planned to incorporate a target marketing approach in 2018 for the 2019 academic year. Evidence provided\'3A MSC MIS LOIS\'2C 2018 career day programme\'2C 2018 career day advertising example. A total of 3 students registered according to the evidence provided of which one dropped out leaving MSC with 2 students. The example of the student who is registered indicated that the student received 7 exemptions and is registered for only 4 modules. A large portion of modules are being exempted. \line \line MSC blames the \'E2\'80\'9Carea\'E2\'80\'9D for low success rates\'2C high dropout rates and low throughput rates as well as rapid changes in technology. MSC also believe that making use of \'E2\'80\'9Cflipped classroom\'E2\'80\'9D will solve their problems and that it is a dynamic method of teaching and learning. The institution is merely using \'E2\'80\'9Cflipped classroom\'E2\'80\'9D where there is no lecturer available and then describe it as a blended approach. \line Accreditation criterion 17 has not been met.\line \line According to the MSC coordination and programme review document\'2C it has a Coordinator who liaises with management\'2C staff and students to ensure the adequate provision of resources to deliver the programme. However\'2C no evidence was provided of a programme review process\'2C policy or plan on how they would review the programme. MSC made mention in the programme coordination document of an IQMS implementation a framework for internal institution reviews\'2C which was scheduled for 2018 to take place during the last quarter. However\'2C no evidence of the mentioned programme review or policy was provided. \line \line In the MSC coordination and programme review document\'2C mention is made of policies and procedures which are reviewed in 3-year cycles\'3B however\'2C all the policies indicate that they were developed in Feb 2012 and reviewed in 2013. None of the policies have been reviewed after 2013. Mention was made in the 1 June 2017 Academic Board minutes held at MSC Head Office EL of a discussion on such policies that were distributed for input and suggestions. The board only took not under point 3 that the policies need to be revised but it has not taken place. \line According to the application\'2C a CHE van Heerden is responsible for the coordination of the programme since 2012. Little to no evidence was provided relating to staff development. It is not clear how much students\'E2\'80\'99 input and participation are taken into consideration. \line The policies relating to integrity specifically to assessment and moderation practices are not adequate.\line Accreditation criterion 10 was not met.\line \line No evidence was provided relating to student employability or external acknowledgement of programme. \line Accreditation criterion 18 was not met.\line \line No evidence of any surveys\'2C reviews\'2C impact studies or use of results provided. \line Accreditation criterion 19 was not met.\line \line WIL is integrated in each year of study in 2nd semester with 30 credits per year totalling 90 of the 390-credit qualification\'3B however\'2C MSC failed to provide sufficient evidence relating to WIL. Anomalies also exist between documents when it was implemented the first time\'3A 2017 or 2019. No module outlines which clearly indicate WIL was provided. The WIL experiential learning policy is not sufficient. No logbooks were made available. WIL was not adequately explained per level of study.\line Accreditation criterion 15 was not met.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Information Technology \'28390 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not reaccredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-reaccreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql Details regarding the coordination of the programme since 2012 remains unclear\'3B it is also not clear how much students\'27 input and participation are taken into consideration\'3B and\'2C the policies relating to integrity specifically to assessment and moderation practices are not adequate \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 10\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql It is unclear whether the Institution is actually operating at the site for which it has registration\'3B it does not have sufficient library space or resources available to teach the Diploma in IT for its envisaged enrolment\'3B it did not explore the option to use Fort Hare library as indicated previously\'2C and it is unclear from the documents provided exactly how much infrastructure \'28IT labs\'2C lecture rooms etc.\'29 are dedicated to the Diploma in IT\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql No evidence of any surveys\'2C reviews\'2C impact studies or use of results was provided\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 19\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql No evidence was provided relating to student employability or external acknowledgement of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 18\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The Institution failed to convincingly explain its the academic development \'28including student support\'29 programme\'2C and provided evidence in this regard \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 11\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The Institution failed to provide a coherent and integrated programme design\'2C which does justice to the goal\'2C content\'2C outcomes\'2C WIL and assessment of the programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The Institution has not provided proper guidelines to students on programme integration and outcomes. Teaching and learning methods are not properly explained especially not relating to programming modules which they have already identified as an area of concern\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 12\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The institutional documentation and the SAQA document provide conflicting information on assessment. The total spectrum of assessment\'2C the number of formative assessment interactions\'2C and the relationship between formative and summative assessments are all unclear \'2813\'29\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 13\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The veracity and reliability of assessment for the programme in general is in doubt because of the confusing documentation\'2C and also because the role and position of external examiners was not clarified\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 14\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The WIL experiential learning policy is not sufficient and its use and description in the programme and its module not clear\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 15\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql Throughput and retention rates are difficult to determine given the extremely low enrolment numbers\'2C but the high rates of exemptions granted to one student is of concern\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 17\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}