{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH07\'2FE213CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql University of Johannesburg\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Postgraduate Diploma in Management Services\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Doornfontein Campus\line Cnr. Siemert and Beit Streets\line Doornfontein\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The University of Johannesburg \'28UJ\'29 is a public higher education Institution and has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution has applied for accreditation of the Postgraduate Diploma in Management Services programme which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 11th of March 2019 and the HEQC meeting held on the 11th of April 2019.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. The exit level outcome on ethical issues and values is not reflected in any of the modules and module outcomes.\line 2. The focus of the programme is not Operations Management and the Institution has not indicated how this particular programme will be able to articulate to the mentioned programmes \'28both vertical and horizontal\'29 in revised articulation possibilities.\line 3. The Institution has presented in part of the submission incorrect aims that refer to another programme\'2C namely\'2C the Postgraduate Diploma in operations Management. \line 4. The Institution has not provided information on the Assessment Strategy of the programme along with information pertaining to assessments planned for each module.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the original application made\'2C the first evaluator\'27s report\'2C the recommendation by the HEQC not to accredit the programme and the representation made by the Institution. The evaluator found that\'2C of the criteria evaluated\'2C Criteria 1\'2C 2\'2C 5 and 6 are in need of improvement and recommended that the programme should be accredited with conditions. \line \line The programme aligns with the mission of the Institution to transform and serve humanity through innovation and the collaborative pursuit of knowledge. The evaluator noted that the submission\'2C in certain places\'2C erroneously refers to the programme as the Postgraduate Diploma in Operations Management and not the Postgraduate Diploma in Management Services. This is presumably a typing error. The Department of Quality and Operations Management \'28DQOM\'29 developed the programme to enable students to reframe theories and principles from the Management Service environment\'2C including functional areas within the production or service environment \'28both public and private\'29\'2C to become a Management Services practitioner specialising in Management Service technologies and methodologies. \line \line The programme comprises five compulsory NQF Level 8 modules\'2C including a Research Project \'2840 credits\'29. The programme has no electives and the total number of credits is 120. Provision is made for various learning activities\'2C including independent self-study. The evaluator indicated that the exit level outcomes of this programme are appropriate\'2C but that the exit level outcome focusing on ethical issues and values is not reflected in any of the module outcomes. The Institution should indicate how ethics will be accommodated in the different modules. \line \line The evaluator noted that the reading list differentiates between prescribed textbooks and recommended readings for all the modules\'2C with the exception of the Research Project in which case only recommended readings apply. It is recommended that a textbook should be prescribed for the Research Project. \line \line The submission indicated the Master of Operations Management \'28NQF Level 9\'29 at UJ as a vertical articulation possibility\'2C which is still in the process of approval. Horizontal articulation is indicated as the Postgraduate Diploma in Operations Management or Postgraduate Diploma in Quality at UJ\'2C or at any other higher education institution that offers similar programmes. The focus of the Postgraduate Diploma in Management Services is not Operations Management and the Institution should indicate how this specific programme will be able to articulate to the mentioned programmes \'28both vertical and horizontal\'29.\line \line The evaluator pointed out that no recruitment information was included in the submission. The Institution should submit the recruitment strategy and actions for this specific programme. The admission criteria for the programme comply with legislative requirements and selection is based on an average of 60\'25 in the previous degree qualification. Preference will be given to students who hold qualifications in Operations Management and Management Services. The evaluator also noted that the RPL policy will be applied in line with UJ\'E2\'80\'99s policies and guidelines. No mention is made of the 10\'25 rule in the RPL policy nor in the HEQC submission. The Institution mentioned its commitment to restore the inequalities of the past\'2C as per the Charter of the Institution. The planned first-time enrolment for the programme is 50 students for each of the years from 2019-2021.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the Policy for Teaching and Learning provides for several aspects\'2C namely the focus on student learning\'2C the fostering of independent and lifelong learning\'2C teaching competence\'2C outcomes-based approach\'2C improvement of student retention\'2C throughput and graduation rates\'2C quality assurance of teaching and learning\'2C etc. The evaluator confirmed that the programme has been developed in line with the teaching and learning policy of the Institution. In addition to the mentioned policy\'2C a Policy of Teaching and Module Evaluation is also available\'2C referring to teaching evaluation methods\'2C module evaluation\'2C the content and design of questionnaires used for evaluations\'2C amongst others. The evaluator found that the teaching methods include formal lectures\'2C lecture notes\'2C learning guides\'2C textbooks\'2C consultations with the lecturers\'2C peer cooperation\'2C etc. The Centre for Psychological Services and Career Development \'28PsyCaD\'29 provides a range of services\'2C namely counselling\'2C career guidance and assessments. When students do not perform sufficiently or are at risk\'2C the Head of Department will intervene\'2C or the student may be referred to PsyCaD. The Policy for Teaching and Learning refers to several retention mechanisms used to assist students\'2C e.g. induction programmes\'2C early identification of under-performing students and students at-risk\'2C monitoring of poor attendance\'2C early diagnosis of student learning requirements\'2C such as study skills\'2C counselling\'2C tutoring support and mentoring schemes.  The Policy on Student Plagiarism covers the principles applied\'2C the procedures to be followed\'2C the duties of academic staff\'2C the appeals process\'2C etc.\line \line The evaluator noted that assessment takes place in accordance with the University\'E2\'80\'99s Assessment Policy and the Faculty specific assessment policy. The Assessment Policy includes the principles of assessment\'2C the types of assessment\'2C namely formative\'2C summative\'2C continuous assessment and integrated assessment. Furthermore\'2C the mentioned policy refers to pass marks\'2C special and supplementary summative assessment opportunities\'2C assessment strategies\'2C etc. The Rules of Assessment and Invigilation provide for security measures prior to assessment and final assessment opportunities\'2C printing of assessment and final assessment question papers\'2C access control\'2C invigilation for final assessment opportunities\'2C etc. The evaluator pointed out that the outline of the modules does not include any information pertaining to assessments for this particular qualification and should be provided. Feedback on assessment is provided within 15 working days of assessment. Lecturers record the assessment results electronically\'2C and the final marks for summative assessments are captured onto the ITS system by the Faculty Officer. All students are informed about their rights and responsibilities\'2C the appeals process\'2C remarking or reviewing of examination scripts\'2C and so forth. All exit level modules are externally moderated. Moderators should hold qualifications higher than the moderated subject\'2C and are replaced every three years.\line \line The evaluator remarked that the available Higher Degrees Policy refers mainly to Master\'27s and Doctoral degrees \'28NQF Levels 9 and 10 respectively\'29 and does not specifically address the Postgraduate Diploma. The submission gives an outline of several facets of postgraduate studies. The criteria for the selection and appointment of supervisors are described\'2C including expertise\'2C qualifications and appropriate research track record. Workload is taken into consideration with the allocation of supervisors. A Policy on Student-Supervisor relationship is available referring to the responsibilities of students\'2C supervisors and the faculty. The Code of Academic and Research Ethics is an outline of the academic ethical dimensions of research that should be adhered to in the case of research by staff and students. In addition\'2C the mentioned code also provides for relationships with the community\'2C sponsors\'2C and research partners\'2C amongst others. The evaluator also noted that the Institution has a formal policy dealing with students\'E2\'80\'99 complaints\'2C namely the Handling of Student Complaints\'2C providing for both an informal and formal process. \line \line The Institution indicated that the development of staff for research purposes is a continuous process.\line \line The Directorate noted the following comments by the evaluator that were seemingly not addressed in the representation\'3A\line 1. The evaluator indicated that the exit level outcomes of this programme are appropriate\'2C but that the exit level outcome focusing on ethical issues and values is not reflected in any of the module outcomes. The Institution should indicate how ethics will be accommodated in the different modules. \line 2. The evaluator noted that the submission\'2C in certain places\'2C erroneously refers to the programme as the Postgraduate Diploma in Operations Management and not the Postgraduate Diploma in Management Services.\line \line No.1 and 2 above are apparently recurrent concerns. The evaluator further noted that\'3A\line 3. The Master of Operations Management is indicated as an articulation possibility\'2C yet it was still in the accreditation process.\line \line The Directorate reviewed the Institution\'27s submission and found the following responses from the University\'3A\line - In relation to no.1 above\'3A The Institution\'27s response was that \'22Ethical issues are covered in the module Business Law.  Please find attached the updated Module Outcomes and MOAC\'2C as Annexure 1\'2C that indicates this as a module outcome\'2C which links to the programme outcome.\'22\line - With reference to no.2 above\'3A The Institution attached Annexure 2 which indicates that erroneous references to the \'27Postgraduate Diploma in Operations Management\'27 have been rectified.\line - With regard to no.3 above\'3A The Institution submitted its representation in April 2019. The Master of Operations Management was accredited at the HEQC meeting held on 5 July 2019\'2C therefore this is now a valid articulation opportunity pending SAQA registration.\line \line The Directorate noted that\'2C in the Institution\'27s representation\'2C reasons no.1 - 4 for non-accreditation were addressed and evidence provided in the form of Annexures 1 - 4.\line \line The Directorate finds the Institution\'27s response adequate and\'2C therefore\'2C recommends that the programme should be accredited \'28with recommendations\'29.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Postgraduate Diploma in Management Services \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b \'C2\'A0\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line The Institution should ensure that the programme coordinator holds the relevant qualification and experience. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql RECOMMENDATIONS\'3A\line \line 1. The Institution should consider a prescribed textbook for the Research Project.\line 2. The RPL Policy should be revised if the 10\'25 rule has not been included.\line 3. The Higher Degrees Policy should be revised to include the Postgraduate Diploma and specifically the research module.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1 \'26 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}