{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH04\'2FE167CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Durban University of Technology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Advanced Diploma in Biotechnology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Steve Biko\line 70 Steve Biko Road \'28Mansfield Road\'29\line Berea\line Durban\line 4001\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Durban University of Technology \'28DUT\'29 is a public higher education institution that is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and also has programmes that are accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of an Advanced Diploma in Biotechnology programme which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at the Durban\'2C Steve Biko campus.\line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of a Bachelor of Applied Science Honours in Biotechnology programme which is still in process.\line \line The DUT currently has the following programmes accredited by the CHE\'3A\line - Bachelor of Applied Science in Biotechnology \line - Master of Applied Science in Biotechnology \'28HEQSF- Aligned and deemed accredited\'29\line - Doctor of Philosophy in Biotechnology \'28HEQSF-Aligned and deemed accredited\'29\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator found that the programme in terms of all the Criteria to be considered for accreditation\'2C comply with the minimum requirements and recommended that the programme be accredited. However\'2C one concern was identified and this can be communicated as a recommendation to the Institution concerning articulation with Honours programmes.\line \line The programme includes a Research Methodologies module as well as a research module that indicates engagement with communities to identify research problems\'2C as well as entrepreneur skill development\'2C particularly Bio-entrepreneurship. \line The programme aligns with the HEQSF structure as a NQF level 7 qualification with 120 credits. The rational for having the programme is sound and provides clarity on how the programme advances national imperatives. \line \line The learning outcomes of the programme align with NQF level 7 descriptors\'2C particularly with a range of knowledge\'2C ethical practice and application of knowledge to solving real world problems\'2C even if it is not clear how deep understanding of the knowledge will be achieved due to the range of topics taught over the seven non-research modules. The Institution has indicated the modules that particularly contribute to the various outcomes and how the modules specifically contribute towards the NQF level descriptors.\line \line From the module outlines provided\'2C it is evident that the learning activities including the theory lectures will make use of the Learning Management System\'2C laboratory practical sessions as well as assignments. Practical exposure depends on the module taught with the industrial \'28microbiological\'29\'2C and molecular biology modules having a larger component as compared with the more theoretical modules of Medical\'2C Plant and Food Biotechnology modules. The Research Project indicates that students will practically learn various methodologies. \line \line The 30\'25 contact time for learning activities is congruent with an undergraduate qualification\'2C especially one with a practical component. The 60\'25 of independent study from various contexts is also congruent with an NQF level 7 exit level where some independence in learning and engagement with materials is required.\line \line The design of the programme provides a link between the Diploma and a Bachelor Honours course. Although the pathway from an Advanced Diploma to an Honours programme is diagonal\'2C a concern is that Advanced Diplomats are able to articulate to more specialized Honours programme like a Honours in Microbiology\'2C an Honours in Biochemistry or an Honours in Food Science to name a few. Honours is normally a programme that increases the depth of study and candidates entering for instance a Bachelor Honours programme in Food Science would not have the breadth and depth of food science knowledge and skills as a candidate entering with a Bachelor degree with a Food Science major. The Institution should interrogate its Honours programmes to ensure the plausibility of the pathway\'2C as well as that at other institutions as it has indicated as a possibility.\line \line The modules in the curriculum span an extent of various\'2C relevant topics in Biotechnology thus providing students with a breadth of knowledge. The industrial Biotechnology \'28Microbial biotechnologies\'29 and Recombinant DNA Biotechnology which often form a core component of Biotechnology carry a combined weight of 32 credits\'2C a quarter of the course component\'2C with research techniques and research project carrying a combined weight of 28 credits. As a whole knowledge is integrated amongst all the modules where\'2C for example\'2C recombinant techniques are discussed in plant and medical modules and microbial use in environmental technology. A well-rounded Diplomat will exit the programme and will be able to enter into a vast number of Biotechnology workplaces\'2C or to start businesses within the Biotechnology sphere. \line \line The range of reading materials indicated in the submission include books as well as relevant journals which will ensure that the students will be able to advance their knowledge and understanding of the course material. The design of the modules of the course is thus congruent with the specialization and type of programme. What is notable\'2C is the absence of work-integrated learning \'28WIL\'29\'2C but is most likely due to students having undertaken this in the Diploma studies. The Department does have an Advisory Board\'2C in compliance with its Quality Policy\'2C that ensures that there is input from industry experts into the design and operation of the programme. \line \line The student Admission Policy of the Institution refers to the recruitment and marketing practices of programmes. The SAQA form contains clear and accurate information regarding the programme. The admission criteria adhere to the HEQSF and candidates require a Diploma or National Diploma programme in order to be admitted. The Institution\'E2\'80\'99s Admission Policy includes its strategies for marketing widely and broadening access. The information provided for the proposed programme is consonant with this with advertising to final year diploma students\'2C to industries related to the qualification and to the sector at large. The programme allows for Recognition of Prior Learning for access and advanced standing. The Institution has indicated that no more than 10\'25 of the cohort will be admitted through RPL in alignment with CHE criteria.\line \line Students will enter the programme with a Diploma in Biotechnology. This ensures that they have the prior knowledge and skills to cope with the complexity of the Advanced Diploma and thus advance their knowledge\'2C skills and competencies within the specialization. The enrolment numbers have been capped at 30 students \'28due to resources\'29\'2C with a minimum admission of 10 students to ensure viability of the programme. As the programme includes a Research Project component.  he number of students was carefully considered in alignment with the human resource capacity of the Department. \line \line As a public institution\'2C DUT does not have to report on the staff criteria. The institutional quality assurance office verifies the required minimum standards. \'28A declaration was provided\'29\line \line The institutional profile stresses its student-centred focus and that it exists to provide students with the kind of learning environment that helps them grow intellectually\'2C socially and emotionally. The Teaching and Learning Strategies have been clearly incorporated into the programme as evidenced through the module guides. The programme uses a variety of facilitation approaches from traditional lecture style\'2C to interactive sessions using multimedia technologies such as digital media\'2C audio and video. The Department has indicated that it has moved towards problem-based learning methods in order to breech the gap between traditional teaching methods and what industry requires. Other strategies used are the e-learning platform\'2C tutorials and case studies. Students learn to apply theory to solve problems through the use of laboratory practical sessions. The practical skills are also entrenched through the research module\'2C whereby students need to undertake research processes and conduct the methodologies selected in order to solve the research question asked. \line \line Clear guidelines exist for student input into the qualification in the form of questionnaires\'2C as well as contact sessions between student representatives and staff members. Processes are in place to ensure feedback to students. \line \line The University has adequate academic support structures in place for its students which include student counselling\'2C a writing center\'2C tutors and e-learning\'2C as well as internal Departmental support measures such as orientation\'2C and exposure to various researchers and industries through visits and seminars.  Student progress will be monitored through performance and participation and\'2C with a cohort of 30 students\'2C this is achievable.\line \line The Institution has an Assessment Policy and examination rules \'28G13\'29 which outline examination timetables\'2C admission\'2C examination periods and types of examinations\'2C concessions\'2C examination procedures and requirements at sessions\'2C academic integrity\'2C as well as processes following examinations and irregularities. The Department uses formative as well as summative \'28examination\'29 assessment strategies within the programme to assess student achievement of the learning outcomes. An exception is the research techniques module that uses continuous assessment only to calculate the final mark. The assessment strategies that will be used\'2C as well as the mark composition is clearly depicted in the module outlines. The strategies are aligned to the outcomes of the module. \line \line The assessment and moderation procedures have clear indications of the roles and responsibilities of the various stakeholders in the process. Internal and External examiners and moderators are provided with clear guidelines in ensuring the integrity of the assessment processes\'2C and ensuring that assessments assess the learning outcomes of the modules\'2C and thus the programme at large. \line \line Assessments are also used to highlight struggling students or students at-risk early on so that these students can be supported. Students are identified from the ITS system which flags under-performing students\'2C and information can be placed on the student record for monitoring purposes.  \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Advanced Diploma in Biotechnology \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b \'C2\'A0\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql RECOMMENDATION\'3A \line The Institution should interrogate its Honours programmes to ensure the plausibility of the Advance Diploma\'27s diagonal articulation with them \'28as well as with those of other institutions\'29.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}