{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR035\'2FE118CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql The Independent Institute of Education \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Commerce in Entrepreneurship\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql IIE Varsity College\'2C Rondebosch \'26 Gardens\line Varsity Place\line Belmont Office Park\line Belmont Road\line RONDEBOSCH\line 7700\line \line \line IIE Varsity College\'2C Port Elizabeth\line 1st floor\line Mercantile Bank Plaza\line Ring Road\line GREENACRES\line 6045\line \line \line IIE Varsity College\'2C Durban-North\line c\'2Fo Glenwood Old Boys Club\line 12 Radar Drive\line DURBAN NORTH\line 4051\line \line \line IIE Varsity College\'2C Durban-Westville\line 1 Link Road\'2C \line cnr Link and St. James Avenue\'2C \line WESTVILLE \line 3630\line \line \line IIE Varsity College\'2C Pietermaritzburg\line St Charles\'27 College\line Harwin Road\line Scottsville\line PIETERMARITZBURG\line 3201\line \line \line IIE Varsity College\'2C Pretoria\line 116 Clearwater Road\line Lynwood Glen\line PRETORIA\line 0081\line \line IIE Varsity College\'2C Sandton\line Waterstone Drive\line off Benmore Road\line Benmore\line SANDTON\line 2196\line \line IIE Varsity College\'2C Waterfall\line 11 Janadel\line Riverview Business Park\line Waterfall\line MIDRAND\line 1687\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Independent Institute of Education \'28IIE\'29 is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a Private Higher Education Institution and has programmes accredited by CHE. \line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Bachelor of Commerce in Entrepreneurship which will be offered in a contact mode of delivery at the following sites\'3A\line \line 1. IIE Varsity College\'2C Rondebosch \'26 Gardens - Rondebosch\'2C Cape Town \line 2. IIE Varsity College\'2C Port Elizabeth - Port Elizabeth \line 3. IIE Varsity College\'2C Durban-North - 1991 - 2004 Durban\'3B 2005 Durban-North \line 4. IIE Varsity College\'2C Durban-Westville - 1991 - 2004 Durban\'3B 2005 Durban-Westville \line 5. IIE Varsity College\'2C Pietermaritzburg - Pietermaritzburg \line 6. IIE Varsity College\'2C Pretoria - Pretoria \line 7. IIE Varsity College\'2C Sandton - Sandton\'2C Johannesburg \line 8. IIE Varsity College\'2C Waterfall - Waterfall\'2C MIDRAND \line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of the same programme to be offered in a distance mode of delivery. \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator finds that the institution meets all the minimum standards in all criteria\'2C but for Criterion 6\'2C in which the evaluator finds that the institution needs improvement. The programme is consonant the institutional mission\'2C which has a career focus. Industry involvement in curriculum ensures that it remains relevant. The programme provides for graduates to become efficient entrepreneurs by equipping them with the skills required in industry\'2C exposing students to a wide range of careers relevant.  The programme meets the requirements of the HEQSF. The outcomes are coherent and align to the module purposes and outcomes\'2C curriculum choices and the prescribed and recommended reading lists. Learning materials will be available on-line. Although the evaluator indicates the programme will be distance learning\'2C the Directorate notes that the application is for contact learning. There is an appropriate balance between theoretical and practical knowledge. There is disciplinary and theoretical depth. The evaluator expressed a concern that 7 modules per year may be overburdening students. \line \line The programme is designed to articulate with other qualifications both horizontally and vertically. There is logical progression and scaffolding of knowledge. A detailed description of the modules is provided showing coherence and logical progression. The programme was developed qualified staff. The Bachelor of Commerce in Entrepreneurship is a career-focused qualification which will prepare students for work.\line \line Marketing strategies include web and social media campaigns\'2C conventional advertisements and brochures and information sheets. Recruitment processes are accurate and inform applicants of the relevant information. Admission requirements are aligned to national requirements and there is provision for flexible entry routes where applicable. The evaluator finds that the number of students is balanced against the learning outcomes and mode of delivery.\line \line The staff is well qualified and has the required experience. Most lecturers have post graduate qualifications and more than 4 years of teaching experience. There are three areas of development for staff members\'3A in their discipline \'28through further study\'29\'2C as researchers and as higher education lecturers. All lecturers are peer reviewed annually and an individual development plan drawn up. The exposure to research is not\'2C however\'2C clear.\line Lecturer induction and orientation is in place and a Lecturer Resource Pack is made available to all. \line \line The required ratios per site are provided and meet the minimum requirements. A detailed Staff Development Policy was provided and recruitment and appointment adhere to the legal requirements. The academic staff complement exposes students to a diversity of ideas\'2C styles and approaches. The administrative and support staff is adequately qualified and there is a sufficient staff in place for the tasks.\line \line Although the evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s comments are based on DL it is not clear why as the submission is clearly for contact learning\'2C and is addressed as such. The Directorate will disregard these. In the contact learning environment\'2C blended learning supports teaching and learning. BlackBoard and the results intelligence system enables monitoring of student progress and intervention as required. The use of the Learning Management System is designed to promote student success. There are processes in place to identify and support inactive and\'2For underperforming students.\line \line The Assessment Strategy and Policy provides detailed guidance on assessment including moderation\'2C in compliance with the minimum requirements. Students are provided with feedback on their learning\'2C and different types of assessment cater for different competencies and skills. The evaluator notes that the weighting of formative and summative assessments is not specified. Modules are moderated internally and externally \'28exit level modules\'29. Policies speak directly to the integrity and reliability of assessment practices. Criteria for the evaluation of assessments include constructive alignment\'2C language\'2C clarity\'2C the memo and coverage of learning. RPL admission is not common\'2C but is in place and is tightly controlled.\line \line The sites of delivery have the required facilities to support contact students. All students have access to libraries equipped with computers with Internet access\'2C and links to online journal databases \'28EbscoHost\'2C SABINET and Emerald Insight\'29. The infrastructure meets the standards required. The library resources are detailed and sufficient. All staff undergo orientation and training on the IT systems. There is a plan in place for the development and enhancement of infrastructure.\line \line An Online Tutor monitors student progress and is responsible for designing tasks to identify the specific learning needs of students and groups of students. There are policies and procedures in place for the certification of qualifications and the policy and other supporting documents in compliant. \line \line The evaluator recommends that the programme be accredited with a prior to commencement condition relating to entry to summative assessment. The Directorate is of the view that as the evaluator is satisfied with the policy framework\'2C and as sufficient performance is indicated in the documentation\'2C there is no need for this condition.    \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Commerce in Entrepreneurship \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}