{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR288\'2FE012CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql SA College of Applied Psychology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 154\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 1st Floor \line Sunclare Building\line 21 Dreyer Street\line Claremont\line 7708\line Cape Town\line South Africa\line \line Johannesburg Campus\line 1st Floor\'2C 1 Sixty Jan Smuts\'2C\line 160 Jan Smuts Avenue\'2C\line Rosebank\'2C\line Johannesburg\'2C\line 2196\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The SA College of Applied Psychology \'28SACAP\'29 is a private higher education institution that is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has programmes that are accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 24 and 25 January 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 29 March 2018.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line \line 1. The design of the programme does not comply with the requirements of the PGCE qualification and the Life Orientation Curriculum. The CAPS document regarding the Life Orientation curriculum for Senior and FET phase makes it explicit that topics such as Physical Education forms an integral part of the Life Orientation programme\'2C but the programme design submitted does not make provision for this aspect. Pre-requisites in the SAQA document must also be addressed. \line \line 2. The total number of credits in the programme are variously indicated in the different documents of the submission as 166 and in other cases as 154. The same applies to modules where there is inconsistency in credit weighting.  \line \line 3. The SACAP has provided insufficient detail on the learning outcomes and content of the programme. \line \line 4. The Experiential Learning Policy and information documents pertaining to sites of placement are generally aimed at all the programmes offered by the Institution and do not specifically address school placement for the PGCE. There is also confusion with regard to the length of teaching practice. \line \line 5. The admission requirements indicated are vague and not aligned with MRTEQ requirements. \line \line 6. SACAP does not have the academic staff members to teach the Physical Education component of the programme.  \line \line 7. Insufficient information was forwarded by SACAP on the supervision\'2C mentoring and assessment of the teaching practice component of the programme.  \line \line 8. The Institution has not demonstrated the availability of the facilities for the offering of the Physical Education components of the programme.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the original application\'2C the first evaluator\'27s report\'2C the HEQC recommendation that the programme should not be accredited\'2C and the representation made by the Institution and concluded that the Institution has addressed the concerns raised and recommended the programme should be accredited.\line \line In the HEQC recommendation it was indicated that the design of the programme did not comply with the requirements of the PGCE qualification as conceptualised in MRTEQ. In response\'2C the Institution indicated that it has reviewed the application for the PGCE and ensured that it is aligned with the requirements as stipulated in the MRTEQ \'282015\'29. The Institution has adjusted the overall programme design and has submitted an outline of the modules comprising the core curriculum \'28120 credits\'29 as well as the additional modules a student may be required to complete \'28based on an initial assessment of the student\'27s competence\'29 to reach the required level of Fundamental Learning Communication competence. Information regarding the teaching subjects and support roles that students may elect as a Learning Support Specialisation has also been provided. The evaluator found that the adjustments made are aligned with the requirements of a PGCE.  \line \line The HEQC had also pointed out that the Life Orientation Curriculum as indicated in CAPS makes it explicit that topics such as Physical Education forms an integral part of the Life Orientation programme\'2C but the programme design submitted by the Institution did not make provision for this aspect. In the Institution\'27s response it is indicated that the adjustments made to the programme design also address the concern raised and the gaps in the Life Orientation curriculum in both the SP and FET Phase were attended to in the two modules that comprise the subject specific methodology component of the PGCE\'2C namely\'3A Specific Subject Methodology 1\'3A LO \'28SP and FET phase\'29 - 20 Credits and Specific Subject Methodology 2\'3A LO \'28Physical Education\'29 - 20 Credits. The adjustments to the programme will be covered through collaboration with another provider as indicated further on. The HEQC request that pre-requisites in the SAQA document must be addressed has been attended to and the Institution has revised the SAQA document \'28see Annexure C\'29 to ensure that it reflects the latest curriculum changes as well as ensuring that it aligns with the latest template provided by SAQA ensuring that all pre-requisites in the SAQA document are met. \line \line In the HEQC recommendation it was also stated that the total number of credits in the programme were variously indicated in the different documents of the submission. The same applied to modules where there was inconsistency in credit weighting. The Institution responded by indicating that it has corrected these inconsistencies and have addressed them at both a programme design and modular level. The Institution\'27s PGCE is at NQF level 7 and has 120 credits offered in the contact mode of delivery. The Institution has also clearly delineated between the modules comprising the core curriculum \'28120 credits\'29 and the additional modules that students may take \'28either because the Institution was of the view it necessary to supplement for gaps in a student\'27s Fundamental Learning Communication competence\'2C or which students may elect for an additional Learning Support Specialisation\'29. The evaluator concluded that the concern raised has been adequately addressed. \line \line The HEQC stated that the Institution had provided insufficient detail on the learning outcomes and content of the programme. In the Institution\'27s representation it was indicated that the module content in themes and outcomes were provided in the annexures included and\'2C in the information\'2C already covered in the discussion. The evaluator found that the concern has amicably been attended to. \line \line The HEQC had\'2C furthermore\'2C pointed out that the Experiential Learning Policy and information documents pertaining to the sites of placement were generally aimed at all the programmes offered by the Institution and did not specifically addressed school placement for the PGCE. It its reaction\'2C the Institution stated that the documents have now been refined\'2C ensuring that they address specifically the Institution\'27s Experiential Learning Policy for the PGCE including guidelines for School Based Work-Integrated Learning. A list of sites specific to the PGCE were also provided. The Institution has also clarified the confusion regarding the length of teaching practice by indicating that students are required to complete 4 weeks \'2820 days\'29 of teaching practice at a school that has Grade 7-9 for their School Based Work-Integrated Learning. Furthermore\'2C students are required to complete 4 weeks \'2820 days\'29 of teaching practice in either an FET College or school that has Grade 10-12. This complies with the MRTEQ requirements. \line \line In the HEQC recommendation it was also stated that the student admission requirements that were indicated were vague and not aligned with the MRTEQ requirements. The Institution responded by stating that it has refined the student admission requirements and provided further clarity on the minimum entrance requirements for the PGCE and it has ensured that the minimum entrance requirements are aligned with the RTEQ requirements. Student admission requirements for this programme are also aligned with SACAP\'27s institutional student admissions policy. The evaluator stated that the concern has been addressed. \line \line The HEQC also indicated that the Institution did not have the academic staff members to teach the Physical Education component of the programme. The Institution reacted by stating that it has partnered with other institutions to ensure that the Physical Education elements of the Life Orientation course in the Institution\'27s PGCE are adequately taught and to supplement SACAP staff members \'28Annexures A and B\'29. Although the evaluator found this acceptable\'2C it does raise questions regarding the ownership of this component of the programme\'2C its assessment and quality assurance mechanisms. How will the Institution ensure that quality requirements are met if they do not have the specialised knowledge\'3F Linked to this concern\'2C the HEQC indicated that the Institution had not demonstrated the availability of the facilities for the offering of the Physical Education components of the programme. Again\'2C the Institution responded by stating that they have partnered with other institutions to ensure that the Physical Education elements of the Life Orientation course in the Institution\'27s PGCE are adequately taught and provided with adequate facilities at those institutions. Again\'2C it raises questions regarding ownership and quality assurance. \line \line Another concern raised by the HEQC was that insufficient information was forwarded by the Institution on the supervision\'2C mentoring and assessment of the teaching practice component of the programme. In the representation\'2C the Institution indicated that a SACAP School Based Work Integrated Learning Coordinator \'28\'22The SACAP Coordinator\'22\'29 will be appointed for the PGCE and will be responsible for the effective co-ordination\'2C monitoring and development of the School Based Work Integrated Learning component of the PGCE. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should be accredited with a condition. \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching \'28154 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The Institution should clarify its partnership with other institutions for the offering of the Physical Education components of the PGCE in as far as the ownership of this component of the programme is concerned\'2C the assessment of this component and quality assurance mechanisms. Clarity is required on how SACAP will ensure that quality requirements are met if they do not have the specialised knowledge\'3F The same applies to the quality and relevance of the physical facilities available at the partner institutions. SACAP also need to clarify the contractual arrangements with the partnered institutions. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3 and 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}