{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 2nd June 2020\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH22\'2FE039CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql University of Zululand\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Education Honours in Curriculum Studies\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql University of Zululand\line University of Zululand \line 24 Main Road \line KwaDlangezwa\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The University of Zululand \'28UNIZULU\'29 is a public higher education institution that has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for accreditation of the Bachelor of Education Honours in Curriculum Studies which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at the KwaDlangezwa campus.\line \line UNIZULU has also applied for accreditation of the following programmes which are in process\'3A\line - Bachelor of Education Honours in Educational Research Methodology\line - Bachelor of Education Honours in Educational Psychology\line - Bachelor of Education Honours in Educational Management and Leadership\line - Bachelor of Education Honours in Inclusive Education\line - Bachelor of Education Honours in Foundation Phase Teaching.\line \line The Institution may offer the following accredited programmes\'3A\line - Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching\line - Postgraduate Certificate in Further Education and Training Teaching\line - Bachelor of Education in Intermediate Phase Teaching\line - Bachelor of Education in Foundation Phase Teaching \line - Bachelor of Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching \line - Master of Education in Educational Psychology \line - Master of Education\line - Doctor of Education in Mathematics\'2C Science and Technology \line - Doctor of Education\line - Master of Education\line - Master of Education in Foundations of Education\line - Master of Education in Educational Management\line - Doctor of Education in Comparative Education\line - Master of Education in Curriculum and Instructional Studies\line -  Master of Education in Research Methodology.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator indicated that the minimum standards in respect of Criterion 9 have not been met\'2C while Criteria 1\'2C 2\'2C and 5 are in need of improvement. The evaluator recommended that the programme should be accredited with conditions. \line \line The proposed programme aligns with the mission of the Institution to provide globally competitive graduates\'2C relevant for the human capital needs of our country. The Bachelor of Education Honours in Curriculum Studies aims at preparing students for research-centred postgraduate studies in the field of Curriculum Studies by enriching student understanding of discourses in educational research\'2C cultivating the development of research abilities\'2C specifically in the area of methodology and practices of education research. The programme will allow students to consolidate and deepen their expertise in curriculum policies and procedures and undertake advanced reflection and development by means of systematic survey of current thinking and practice in instructional design and also prepare them for research-based postgraduate studies in Curriculum Studies. The evaluator noted that the required MRTEQ letter has been submitted. \line \line All candidates are expected to register for all five core modules\'2C namely\'3A Curriculum Development\'2C Introduction to Curriculum Policy and Procedures\'2C Instructional Design\'2C Research Methods in Education\'2C and Research Project in Education. Students have a choice between the two elective modules\'2C selecting either Educational Psychology or Educational Management and Leadership. The independent research project will be a supervised task. The evaluator found that competences to be developed in the programme are aligned with the appropriate NQF level. The application clearly articulates the specific competencies which are aligned to Level 8 descriptors. The evaluator noted that\'2C for multiple modules\'2C there is more than one prescribed reading book. Given that many sources are available online\'2C it is suggested that prescribed books are limited to one per module. Horizontal articulation for this programme is a Postgraduate Diploma in Curriculum Studies. Vertical articulation will allow students to proceed to a Master of Education in Curriculum Studies. The application correctly states that a qualification may not be awarded for early exit from the Bachelor of Education Honours in Curriculum Studies.\line \line The evaluator noted that the application shows no evidence of recruitment documentation which informs potential students of the programme accurately and sufficiently. Admission requirements for this programme are compliant with legislative requirements and selection requires that students must have achieved an average of 65\'25 in their previous qualification. Widening access to higher education will be promoted in that face-to-face block sessions will be introduced for students who do not reside near the campus. The Unit for Universal Access or Disability Unit in UNIZULU will make available the necessary support for students with individual educational needs or barriers. The formal RPL process of the Institution will be applied to the programme. No more than 10\'25 of a cohort may be given access to this programme via RPL\'2C as per policy. The enrolment plan for this programme is 15 students for 2021\'2C 20 students for 2022 and 25 students for 2023.\line \line The evaluator found that the Teaching and Learning Strategy is appropriate for the mode of delivery of this programme\'2C vis-a-vis a blended learning approach \'28i.e. face-to-face\'2C tutorials\'2C seminars and the use of the LMS\'29. Lectures\'2C seminars and workshops will be presented by lecturers and guest lecturers in block sessions\'2C and relatively collaborative and independent work performed by the students. During the time between the block sessions\'2C the Institution undertakes to communicate and teach through the LMS to allow for contact between lecturers and students\'2C also between the students themselves. Module guides\'2C prescribed literature sources\'2C and other sources uploaded on LMS will support students during their independent learning. This will be complemented with specially prepared material\'2C such as case studies\'2C using multimedia. Self-study will be supported by means of additional reading and small-scale investigations\'2C which will also be facilitated by guiding information and activities on the Learning Management System. There is lack of clarity as to whether Blackboard or Moodle is being used in terms of the LMS and this should be clarified. \line \line The evaluator indicated that material development has not been addressed in this application nor how staff members have been trained to develop materials for a blended mode. The evaluator indicated that the Institution will offer academic support and assistance through contact sessions\'2C official appointments and email correspondence with academics\'2C as well as the library with its online facilities and professional academic provision to students. Furthermore\'2C students will be continuously assessed and will be supported accordingly through appropriate intervention programmes. Capacity development programmes for students have been created. The evaluator was of the opinion that the Institution should indicate whether the capacity development programmes for students are available only face-to-face or online as well. It was also indicated that the Institution has mechanisms in place to monitor student progress\'2C evaluate programme impact and effect improvement. Students are also afforded the opportunity to evaluate their lecturers and report any sort of challenge and possible suggestions in the improvement of quality and delivery of modules. The evaluator noted that there are arrangements and measures in place to identify and support students who are under-performing and inactive. The application\'2C however\'2C does not address how inactive students will be supported. \line \line With regard to Criterion 6\'2C the evaluator stated that the programme was in line with specified standards and the institutional assessment policy\'2C as well as internal and external moderation procedures. The evaluator\'2C however\'2C noted that the assessment policy does not address assessment in a blended or online context. It was indicated that the programme will use diverse assessment strategies to measure the module outcomes. These will include group presentations\'2C portfolios\'2C essays\'2C poster presentations\'2C group or individual classroom activities\'2C individual or group projects\'2C reflective journals\'2C case studies\'2C and written reports. Each module will specify details of assessment activities\'2C weightings for each activity\'2C specifications on what is expected as well as details of submission dates. Assessment tasks will be subjected to internal and external moderation processes. The evaluator pointed out that various important aspects have not been addressed\'2C such as internal and external moderation processes\'2C the monitoring of student progress\'2C the explicitness\'2C validity and reliability of assessment practices\'2C the settling of disputes and the rigour and security of the assessment system\'2C as well as the development of staff competence in assessment. Regarding feedback on assessment tasks to students\'2C it was stated that feedback would be given in a \'22reasonable\'22 amount of time. The evaluator stated that this is vague and the Institution should be more specific regarding the time frame for feedback to be given\'2C such as two weeks. \line \line In as far as Criterion 9 is concerned\'2C the evaluator stated that the Institution has submitted the Postgraduate Student Assessment Guide\'2C Policy on Research Ethics and Assessment and Appointment of Supervisors\'2C but that policies\'2C procedures and regulations for the admission and selection of students have not been provided. The evaluator stated that the selection and appointment of supervisors have been adequately outlined. The Institution has summarised guiding principles on the duties and responsibilities of staff members regarding supervision\'2C but these are not encapsulated in the policies and procedures related to supervision. The assessment procedures for long essays\'2C dissertations and theses should be more explicit. In addition\'2C the institutional or faculty guide\'2Fhandbook should be uploaded as evidence in the application. The evaluator stated that an appropriate overview of expenditure on research and research outputs for the last three years was provided. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should be accredited with conditions.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Education Honours in Curriculum Studies \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The University of Zululand should submit evidence of recruitment documentation which informs potential students of the programme. \line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. UNIZULU must clarify whether Blackboard or Moodle is being used in terms of the LMS and how staff members have been trained and prepared to teach in this blended mode.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1 \'26 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 3. UNIZULU must provide details on materials development for the programme and how staff have been trained to develop materials and assess students for a blended mode of delivery. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1\'2C 3\'2C 5 \'26 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 4. UNIZULU should indicate whether the capacity development programmes for students are available only face-to-face or online as well.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 5. UNIZULU should clarify how under-performing or inactive students are supported by the central supporting structures. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 6. UNIZULU must review and clarify numerous aspects regarding the policies and assessment practices. It is noted that the institutional policy is not dated\'2C nor does it have a revision date. This policy also does not address assessment in a blended\'2C or online context.     Explicitness\'2C validity and reliability of assessment practices have also not been addressed and also not the settling of disputes and the rigour and security of the assessment system.     Internal and external moderation policies have not been submitted and the processes for internal and external moderation have not been adequately explained in the application. In addition\'2C the monitoring of student progress has not been addressed.     Regarding feedback on assessment tasks to students\'2C it was stated that feedback is given in a \'22reasonable\'22 amount of time. This is vague and the Institution is encouraged to find a uniform window of time for feedback to be given.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 7. UNIZULU must provide the policies\'2C procedures and regulations for the admission and selection of students into postgraduate studies. These policies and procedures should be explicit in terms of supervision and the guiding principles on the duties and responsibilities of supervisors. It should also deal with students grievances\'2C requests for re-marking and incidences of plagiarism. Finally\'2C it must provide details on the assessment procedures for long essays\'2C dissertations and theses.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 9\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}