{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH14\'2FE182CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql University of South Africa\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Engineering Technology Honours in Electronic Engineering\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 144\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line University of South Africa\line Preller street\line Muckleneuk Ridge\line Pretoria\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The University of South Africa \'28UNISA\'29 is a public higher education institution and has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution applied for accreditation of the Bachelor of Engineering Technology Honours in Electronic Engineering which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 11th of March 2019 and the HEQC meeting held on the 11th of April 2019.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line \line 1. The Institution has submitted an application that is not comprehensive and many of the attachments pertinent to criteria 1\'2C 2\'2C 5 and 6 are blank. \line 2. The Institution has not specified the student selection criteria for the programme.\line 3. The Institution has not provided detailed information with regards to teaching and learning in the programme. Sub-sections 5.3 and 5.6 are not sufficient especially as this is an Engineering programme. Support programmes such as mentorship\'2C laboratory support\'2C technical language support\'2C student at-risk programme\'2C etc.\'2C are missing in this sub-section. In addition\'2C the uploaded files are not sufficient for this criterion.\line 4. The Institution has specified a practical workplace experience under 1.5 in the submission which is not applicable for an Honours programme.\line \line NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line - The Module titled LTE Communication Technology should be re-titled as Communication Technology.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the original application\'2C the HEQC recommendation not to accredit the programme and the representation submitted by the Institution and recommended that the programme be accredited with conditions. \line \line With regard to the comprehensiveness of the submission\'2C the evaluator indicated that the majority of documents submitted addressed issues as demanded in each of the Criteria. Based on the document submitted\'2C it is clear that the research component has 36 credits and the remaining coursework total 108 credits\'2C which makes for 144 credits. As recommended by the ECSA and stated in the qualification standard for Bachelor of Engineering Technology Honours \'28refer E-09-PT\'29\'2C the minimum credits in knowledge areas are 140 credits. All other relevant documents were uploaded again. The response is satisfactory in this regard. \line \line The institution has stated that in future\'2C once the new programme starts running\'2C the selection criteria may be introduced if the student numbers exceed the capability of the relevant department. This is not acceptable. The institution has to introduce the selection criteria.\line \line In relation to support on the programme in terms of Criterion 5\'3A According to the evaluator\'2C the institution provided detailed support available to students in order to enhance their learning. This is sufficient.\line \line In terms of WIL\'2C the institution has apologised for the mistake. The respondent indicated that 20\'25 learning time refers to the time spent by the student to collect and process data related to his\'2Fher particular research project. Due to the \'E2\'80\'9Chands on approach\'E2\'80\'9D of technology stream qualifications\'2C the research project topics are based on real problems in industry.\line \line With regard to changing the name of the module titled \'27LTE Communication Technology\'27 to \'27Communication Technology\'27\'2C the institution has stated that the name change cannot be done at this late stage as the ECSA\'2C DHET and SAQA documents must be the same in module name representation. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme be accredited \'28with conditions\'29.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Engineering Technology Honours in Electronic Engineering \'28144 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The institution has stated that in future\'2C once the new programme starts running\'2C the selection criteria may be introduced if the student numbers exceed the capability of the relevant department. The institution has to introduce the selection criteria for future reference.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}