{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR035\'2FE121CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql The Independent Institute of Education \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Business Accounting\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 361\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql IIE Rosebank College\'2C Pretoria\line 1st Floor \line 239 Pretorius Street\line PRETORIA\line 0001\line \line IIE Rosebank College\'2C Braamfontein Mega\line 23 Jorissen Street\line Braamfontein\line \line \line IIE Rosebank College - Durban\line 221 Dr Pixley KaSeme Street\line Durban\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Independent Institute of Education \'28IIE\'29 is a private higher education institution that is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and also has programmes that are accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is applying for the accreditation of a Diploma in Business Accounting programme to be offered in the contact mode of delivery at the following campuses\'3A \line 1. IIE Rosebank College\'2C Pretoria - Pretoria \line 2. IIE Rosebank College\'2C Braamfontein Mega - Braamfontein\'2C Johannesburg \line 3. IIE Rosebank College - Durban - Durban \line \line The Institution is accredited by the CHE to offer the following programmes\'3A\line - Bachelor of Accounting\line - Postgraduate Diploma in Accounting\line \line During the HEQSF-alignment process\'2C the Institution submitted a Diploma in Business Accounting \'28Contact\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C minimum 360 Credits\'29 which was designated as a Category A programme and also submitted a Diploma\'3A Accounting and Financial Computing \'28Contact\'2C Level 6\'2C minimum 360 Credits\'29 that was submitted and designated as a Category C programme.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator finds that the programme in terms of Criteria 1\'2C 2 and 3 needs improvement while in terms of the rest of the criteria to be assessed meets the minimum requirements for accreditation.  The evaluator recommends that the programme be accredited with conditions.\line \line The application indicates that the programme aims to provide a formal qualification to students who wish to pursue a career in accounting\'2C specifically cost and management accounting. In addition\'2C the application listed the occupations in which qualified students could possibly operate.\line \line In terms of the curriculum\'2C the application has outlined the names of the modules\'2C which constitute the programme\'2C the NQF levels and the credits which according to the evaluator are correctly indicated.\line \line The application outlined the rules of combination for the modules and progression rules from one year to the next. The application states that all the modules are compulsory. Articulation opportunities have been described. \line \line The application indicates the different strategies that will be applied and the recruitment documents to advertise the programme such as school visits\'2C web and social media campaigns\'2C conventional media advertisements and distribution of brochures and information sheets.  As the primary target market for this programme is school leavers \'28or recent school leavers\'29 the recruitment campaign will focus on schools and associated exhibitions and media that reaches these students. In addition\'2C to facilitate a diverse student profile\'2C each campus targets a range of schools and community resources. Open Days and interviews\'2C formal or on an ad hoc basis\'2C provide prospective students and parents where relevant with more information. All these activities are guided by a  Advertising and Marketing Policy that was provided.\line \line The Student Student admission requirements are in line with current national legislation. The Institution stated that if there are more applicants than places available\'2C attention will be given to further promotion of the diversity of the student body and academic merit. The application explains how the Enrolment Plan is monitored in this institution. Annually each site of The IIE completes an enrolment plan\'2C based on site capacity\'2C expected interest and the programme mix sought on that site. The Enrolment Plan is provided for the year 2020 to 2021 for each campus that will be offering this programme. RPL can be another route to student admission\'2C but the application indicates that RPL processes are programme specific because the criteria against which evidence of prior learning is evaluated are determined by the learning normally assumed to be in place for qualifications at the level and in the field concerned. \line \line The application indicated that the academic staff members responsible for the programme are suitably qualified. A suitably qualified staff member has been identified as Programme Coordinator. The Institution has identified the following staff academic members per campus\'3A Pretoria\'3A 11 staff members with only 1 full-time\'2C Braamfontein 11 staff members with 2 full-time and Durban 11 staff members with only 1 full-time member. The Institution has to provide more information on the imbalance between full-time and part-time staff members. The Institution provide the following opportunities for academic staff members to enhance their competences and to support their professional growth and development. Staff members are offered financial study assistance and study leave to further their studies mostly in the form of postgraduate qualifications. The application shows that the workload allocation and academic leadership structures are governed by policy. Information on support staff members for the programme\'2C especially those with specialist technical support skills is provided. Support staff for this programme are in place at the site level\'2C at the national office of each brand and within the institutional central academic team structure. The Institution\'27s central academic team manages a web-based student hub for handling all queries and applications related to the administration of all policies and requests for concessions in terms of the policies. \line \line The application indicates various teaching methods applied such as collaborative and independent activities and engagement on the LMS so that students can develop the skills to collaborate online and self-manage their progress. Student Guides introduce key technical\'2C historical and theoretical concepts in a manner that is an easy reference guide for students and creates structure in the module. Tutorials  take two forms\'3B in some disciplines\'2C students work through examples of a technique or function with a lecturer or senior student on hand to assist. In others there are discussions on readings or case studies. Workshops are considered as teaching methods. These sessions are designed to reinforce understanding of a particular concept that students do not seem to have mastered. The application states that there are general support programmes that assist students to transit from the schools to the tertiary education such as orientation programmes\'2C which equips the student with the necessary knowledge and skills on how to navigate the campus. The application indicates that the Institution is able to monitor student progress because student information is web based. Those students who have failed the assessment are contacted after the first assessment.\line \line Assessment has been indicated with the module outlines. The number and type of assessment for each module on a programme is determined by the level and credit value of the module\'2C the requirements of the discipline\'2C the exit level outcomes of the programme and the skills and competencies required as well as ensuring that students have a reasonable load of assessment requirements in each year. In all modules\'2C students are provided with opportunities before the summative assessment to get feedback on their learning - where there is more than one formative assessment they will be of different types to cater for different competencies and skills. Access to the summative is normally determined by the level of performance on the continual assessment\'2F formative tasks. In some cases\'2C the formative assessments\'2C improved by students if they so wish\'2C accumulate to a final portfolio and in others the formative and summative assessments are different. This is entirely discipline dependent. These assessments include short questions\'2C longer questions\'2C essays\'2C problem solving\'2C scenario questions\'2C case studies\'2C assignments\'2C practical questions\'2C summative projects\'2C and Portfolios of Evidence \'28PoE\'27s\'29. Staff competence in the development of assessments is built through the processes of training\'2C moderation and direct feedback from a senior academic and from the mentoring provided to new developers - in the central team and on sites. Sufficient moderation - both internal and external - is in place.\line \line The Institution specified the number of lecture rooms\'2C computer rooms and library available on the three campuses of Braamfontein\'2C Durban and Pretoria. The lecture rooms and computer laboratories are sufficient for teaching and learning in all campuses however\'2C there is no clear indication of the number of classrooms and seminar rooms allocated for the programme on all campuses. All sites have fully equipped computer studios. The ratio of computers to students is one-to-one during classes. The application indicated the various channels that students could use to access the library\'2C facilities and equipment. Each contact site library has flexible opening hours. Libraries are adequate in terms of resources and students have access to online resources.\line \line The application provided a technical description of the management of information systems. The Institution has a sophisticated national computer network\'2C connecting site servers and making use of hosted servers to guarantee uptime\'2C redundancy\'2C reliability\'2C backup and for resource demand management. All the sites have both full-time and part-time IT staff members to service and manage the IT infrastructure. The Institution uses a centrally hosted web-based solution called SAM \'28System for Academic Management\'29 which provides considerable functionality for academic and administrative support including the means to add online and multimedia support for modules online\'2C host discussion forums and interactive courseware.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme be accredited with a condition.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Business Accounting \'28361 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 1. The Institution should provide more information on how it plans to address the imbalance between full-time and part-time staff members for ensuring the effective offering of the programme at each of the sites of delivery.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3 \'26 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}