{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 6th October 2020\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR342\'2FE020CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql SAE Institute\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Arts in Motion Design and Animation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Unit A307\'2C Woodstock Exchange\line 66 Albert Road\line Woodstock\line Cape Town\line 7925\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The SAE Institute is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training \'28until 31 December 2021\'29 as a private higher education institution under the name\'2C The SAE Institute of South Africa \'28Pty\'29 Ltd \'28DHET\'2C 17 March 2020\'29. The Institution has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for accreditation of the Bachelor of Arts in Motion Design and Animation which will be offered in the distance mode of delivery at the Cape Town Main Campus situated at Unit A307\'2C Woodstock Exchange\'2C 66 Albert Road\'2C Woodstock. The Institution currently only provides contact learning.\line \line The Institution has also applied for accreditation of the following nine programmes \'E2\'80\'93 in distance mode of delivery - which are in process\'3A\line - Higher Certificate in Sound Production\line - Higher Certificate in Game Design and Production\line - Higher Certificate in Animation and Visual Effects\line - Higher Certificate in Digital Film Production \line - Bachelor of Arts in Sound Production\line - Bachelor of Arts in Game Design and Production\line - Bachelor of Arts in Film Production\line - Higher Certificate in Music Production\line - Higher Certificate in Graphic Design.\line \line The Institution may offer the following eight registered qualifications in the contact mode of delivery \'28DHET\'2C 17 March 2020\'29\'3A\line - Higher Certificate in Sound Production\line - Higher Certificate in Game Design and Production\line - Higher Certificate in Animation and Visual Effects\line - Higher Certificate in Digital Film Production\line - Bachelor of Arts in Sound Production\line - Bachelor of Arts in Film Production\line - Bachelor of Arts in Motion Design and Animation \'28same title as current application\'29\line - Bachelor of Arts in Game Design and Production.\line \line The CHE\'E2\'80\'99s last visit to the Cape Town site of delivery was conducted on 20 July 2015. The site visit was linked to the relocation of programmes to the current registered site at the Woodstock Exchange \'28CHE letter\'2C 12 June 2015\'29. \line \line The long-term condition of a site visit is outstanding for the extension of six programmes to the \'27new\'27 additional site in Johannesburg \'28CHE letter\'2C 8 February 2019\'29.\line \line In November 2019\'2C the Institution applied for the extension of two programmes to the Johannesburg site\'2C namely the Higher Certificate in Game Design and Production and Bachelor of Arts in Game Design and Production. Both programmes were recently fully accredited after conditions were met \'28CHE letters\'2C 1 March 2019 \'26 1 August 2019\'29. \line \line The Higher Certificate in Virtual Reality Studies was recently accredited with one short-term condition \'28CHE letter\'2C 12 November 2019\'3B revised 14 November 2019\'29. The condition was met \'28CHE letter\'2C 29 June 2020\'29.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator indicated that the programme\'2C in terms of all but one of the criteria\'2C needs improvement in order to achieve minimum requirements for accreditation. The evaluator recommended conditional accreditation. Although it could be an option to defer the programme\'2C the superficial refurbishment of a contact programme for distance mode may not remedy the consistent replication of this design flaw. For this reason\'2C non-accreditation will probably best signal to the Institution that a distance programme requires redesign and redevelopment. \line \line SAE Institute is an international institution\'2C with linked campuses in 25 countries. A similar qualification has been approved for contact mode and this application is for accreditation of a distance programme. The qualification is consonant with the mission of the Institution\'2C i.e. to provide specialist tuition to effectively prepare students for careers in professional media production. In its institutional planning\'2C it is indicated that programmes such as this are part of the Institution\'27s offering in other countries\'2C and that this application extends the local offerings to bring them in line with those elsewhere. No actual reference to this qualification or the distance programme is made. The information in this section could refer to any qualification offered by SAE\'2C apart from one line at the beginning. In general\'2C it appears that this application document has been copied from the contact version\'27s application form\'2C except for Section C. The remainder of the application and most of the documentation show very little consideration of the different nature and needs of distance education\'2C as opposed to e-learning in a contact context.\line \line Resource allocation is indicated by the attached \'22Budget Letter Online Programmes\'22 file\'2C but that document does not make clear which qualifications it refers to. Also\'2C it is of concern that the letter is signed by the CFO of Invictus\'2C rather than SAE\'2C which raises the question of whether the Institution is allowed to make its own budget decisions. The rationale given for a distance version of this qualification focuses on the need for animation programmes in general\'2C and does not discuss the rationale specifically for the distance version\'2C although it is fleetingly mentioned. The rationale for the distance programme is discussed in Section C. \line \line The programme should articulate well\'2C both vertically into cognate NQF Level 8 qualifications and horizontally through CAT arrangements into related programmes both within the Institution and elsewhere\'2C depending on policies concerned. Examples were given of suitable programmes for articulation. The programme is designed primarily for school-leavers able to study full-time and the Institution claims accessibility for industry practitioners\'2C who wish to study further\'2C as a secondary target market. However\'2C \'22Both contact and distance students will use the same materials and will follow the same teaching calendar.\'22 This would appear to indicate that such students\'2C while working full-time\'2C must complete their course at the same speed as full-time non-working students. The first semester modules of the first year require\'2C according to their module guides\'2C 32 hours a week \'E2\'80\'93 a problematic requirement for someone who has to work full-time. No documentation was found to indicate that distance students are given any flexible deadlines. This does not suggest that the qualification will in fact be accessible to current practitioners. Likewise\'2C the materials provided are the same for distance and contact\'2C despite the claim in Section C of extra materials for distance students. No examples of such materials were found. \line \line As a contact mode programme\'2C the qualification meets all the requirements of this criterion\'2C but no evidence was provided that addresses the difference between the two modes. Documentation was not found that explains\'2C for example\'2C how a student living too far away to visit Cape Town can access the facilities\'2C \'22enrol on campus\'22 or obtain the physical materials required for some modules\'2C e.g. for drawing\'2C painting\'2C or sculpture \'28Fine Art 1A \'26 1B\'2C 2A \'262B\'29\'2C which may not be available in more distant locations. Similarly\'2C \'22On campus students in this programme will have access to film\'2C audio\'2C gaming and animation department staff\'2C equipment and students to get exposure to these forms of creative media\'2C as well as access to people who create those types of media.\'22 How such equipment can be made available to distance \'28and distant\'29 students is not made clear. It can be made available to distance students who visit the campus\'2C but if they are close enough to use the facilities\'2C there seems to be no point in a distance qualification. The Institution should clarify how it intends to provide for distance students in those aspects of the course which cannot be dealt with online\'3B how or whether students without reliable access to electricity\'2C internet\'2C and\'2For high-end computers may access the programme\'3B and how working practitioners may be able to keep up with full-time students.\line \line Potential applicants are informed about the qualification via a wide range of marketing efforts. The information is adequate and accurate as far as can be assessed\'2C but no fees for this qualification could be found on the website \'28although fees for Higher Certificates were available\'29. Also\'2C no mention was found in any documentation of whether distance fees would be the same or different to contact students\'27 fees. Information regarding computer specifications necessary for the course\'2C in order to run the software used in the qualification\'2C was also not found. Maya\'2C for example\'2C is an industry standard animation programme and requires large computer capacity\'2C both storage and RAM. It is not clear whether the Institution will refuse an applicant on the grounds that he\'2Fshe does not have an adequate computer\'2C or whether it will undertake to provide one in such cases. It is not clear how distance students are to be made aware\'2C before they sign up\'2C that guaranteed functioning electricity\'2C adequate and reliable internet\'2C and a suitably powerful computer\'2C are all essentials for the programme. \line \line The feasibility of trying to recruit from Nigeria and Kenya is not demonstrated\'2C particularly as SAE states that students must register at the campus in Cape Town and attend exams and other events there. Online arrangements must be made if distance offering is to make any sense for other regions. Admission requirements are commensurate with the qualification and adhere to legislation\'2C but the only specific efforts at widening access are bursary arrangements. The Institution intends for the distance mode to expand access\'2C but the course structure and timetable are likely to exclude many. The selection criteria are reasonable as far as they are mentioned\'2C but again the Institution did not specify how an applicant is expected to \'22demonstrate elementary artistic skills in drawing and sketching\'2C and propensity for artistic\'2C creativity and visual literacy\'22.\line The proposed enrolment targets are reasonable at 10 students rising to 15. \line \line Section 2.5 appears to have been copied from a Higher Certificate application and does not refer to a BA degree. \line A Policy for RPL and CAT is provided and indicates the conditions under which applicants may be accepted via these mechanisms. No more than 10\'25 of a class may be accepted via RPL. These policies likewise adhere to legislation.\line \line Six lecturing staff are listed\'2C including the Programme Coordinator\'3A four full-time and two part-time\'2C but only three are listed as on the Cape Town campus\'2C so this programme might be vulnerable to staff illness or absence. This is of particular risk since the same lecturing staff are required to manage and teach the contact programme or other courses at the same time.\line It is notable that the names of lecturing staff on the application form do not entirely correspond with those on the organograms \'28which also differ from each other\'29. All Cape Town staff are adequately qualified and experienced. Lecturing staff do generally have extensive industry experience\'2C but none have listed any postgraduate supervision or research outputs \'E2\'80\'93 as can be expected from lecturers on a Bachelor\'27s Degree programme. Similarly\'2C no evidence was found of current further studies by lecturing staff\'2C although the Institution claims to support such activities and to offer opportunities for it \'28one member of staff was apparently supported recently\'2C but whether on this qualification or another is not specified\'29. The Institution acknowledges that this area is in need of improvement\'3B but a plan for further studies and the development of a research culture in the Institution was not provided. The indication of a 5 -10 year timeframe for this is too long. \line \line No indication was found that any of the lecturing staff have specific distance education experience or training\'2C although SAE indicates that distance-specific training can be provided. No details are provided of this training. Experience or training in distance education is not listed as criterion for employment. The current listed staff do not cover all the modules of the qualification\'2C and since the assigned modules for the two campus\'27 staff complements do not overlap\'2C it is not clear whether the Institution intends that staff on one campus should manage modules in a qualification run by the other. SAE should clarify how it intends the assigned modules to be managed between campuses. The Institution also indicates that it intends to recruit two lecturing staff \'28one full-time and one part-time\'29 for this distance version programme\'2C but where they will be based is not mentioned nor whether they will have experience of distance education. \line \line The size of the support staff complement should be adequate for the student numbers\'2C but it is not clear which other modules on other qualifications\'2C or other duties\'2C lecturing staff may have \'28with the exception of the Programme Coordinator\'2FHoD\'29. Policy is to maintain staff levels at a generous ratio to students. The recruitment and employment of staff follow legal requirements\'2C but at a minimum level\'3A the SPA sample given does not include any terms of notice for the contractor\'2C and SAE may dismiss the contractor without notice under broad conditions. This agreement sets very clear terms for payable hours for classes taught\'2C but as in other instances in this application\'2C consideration does not seem to have been given to whether\'2C or how much\'2C these contractors will be available outside these hours for distance students. Whether distance students are able to contact their lecturers outside class hours\'2C which will be most of the contact for practitioner-students\'2C is not made clear. Part-time lecturers are also contracted on a semester basis\'2C which increases the risk of not having adequate staff to teach in the following semester. The 2\'3A1 part-time to full-time lecturer ratio is acceptable\'2C given the commitment to increase both FT and PT lecturing staff numbers for this programme\'2C but must be considered in terms of campus location and other duties. The sample full-time contract is more generous\'2C but still does not appear to include any pension or medical aid. Two organograms were supplied\'3A the substantial differences between them\'2C particularly of \'27independent lecturers\'27 \'28part-time\'29\'2C suggests a high turnover of staff\'2C which may be as a result of employment conditions.\line \line In recruiting academic staff\'2C the Institution did not focus on finding or mentoring staff from the designated groups. Of the 25 academic staff\'2C 21 are white\'2C and of part-time staff\'2C 14 out of 16 are white and the Institution employs no black PT lecturing staff. While many academic institutions in SA find it challenging to recruit suitable academic staff from the designated groups\'2C it is possible to develop plans to grow and mentor such lecturing staff. In this regard\'2C the Employment Equity Policy does not incorporate principles of redress and movement towards equity\'2C and is not combined with an action plan to improve staff equity as mentioned above. The Staff Recruitment and Induction Policy likewise does not mention redress or equity as issues. \line \line Support staff are adequate in number for Cape Town\'2C but only three CVs were found referring to the Johannesburg campus\'2C so it is not clear whether that campus is adequately staffed. Of the support staff CVs found\'2C only two appeared to have completed three-year tertiary qualifications. If this is correct\'2C it seems that the Institution is employing staff below the educational level that at least some should have. However\'2C the situation with regard to the support staff cannot be adequately evaluated as the CVs provided appear not to wholly correspond to the names on the organograms \'28NB\'3A Two organograms are provided\'2C which do not correspond with each other. It is not clear which is current\'29. Complete CVs for all employees should be provided and the organogram should be up to date. \line \line Several management CVs are provided for individuals apparently not employed by SAE\'2C but rather by the holding company or a sister organisation. The responsibilities these individuals bear specifically to SAE are not made clear as is the case with the operational responsibilities and relationships between SAE and these other organisations. SAE should clarify whether any of these other entities formally provide staff or services for them and\'2C if so\'2C on what basis.\line \line The teaching and learning strategy is completely appropriate for a contact qualification\'2C but its adaptation to a distance mode not. Online technology offers many advantages for the provision of distance education\'2C but it is not sufficient by itself. A number of statements that apply to the contact qualification are simply untenable in a distance context. It appears that most of the information for this application has been copied from the contact application. This clear from claims such as \'22Students are often required to attend some practical excursions\'E2\'80\'A6 Students will also be present for learning sessions in the studios of SAE Institute to get first-hand exposure to commercial and artistic creative design work in industry arranged outside of hours. They will also be required to attend art and design exhibitions to maximise their exposure in the creative design sector\'22 and also \'22Students must enrol on campus each year and must undergo a compulsory academic orientation week during the enrolment week\'22. Attendance\'2C being present\'2C first-hand exposure\'2C and enrolment on campus require the physical presence of students on the campus. So too\'2C the claim that \'22For distance students\'2C these sessions are virtual online sessions\'2C facilitated by qualified and experienced lecturers who will present and explain the theoretical knowledge to students and link the practical application thereof throughout the programme where relevant\'22\'2C suggests that SAE expects lecturers to do both online and contact versions of their modules\'2C following the same calendar. The practical effect of this arrangement will be that distance students must attend full-time or miss their classes\'2C or else the lecturers must deliver the content a second or third time\'2C outside hours when practitioner-students can attend. This strategy does not appear to have been properly thought through in logistical terms. Section C\'2F10 does indicate a greater range of support\'2C materials\'2C and so on to be made available for distance students\'2C but neither gives examples or details of any of these nor does it address the issues of timetabling.\line \line It does not appear that attention has been paid to the different psychological challenges facing a student without physical contact with a lecturer and who must be entirely responsible\'2C from the first day of study\'2C for their own motivation\'2C time-management\'2C attentiveness\'2C participation\'2C etc. The Institute does indicate the provision of some support services\'2C including \'E2\'80\'9Ca full-time employee providing student support on a full-time basis\'E2\'80\'9D but whether this person provides student counselling or some kind of administrative support\'2C or whether they are skilled at providing this service at a distance\'2C is not mentioned. It is also not clear that there is an understanding of the psychological difference between support from a real live person and support from someone on the other side of a screen. Section C lists a number of types of support\'2C but with too little detail. No mention of health services is made\'2C although provision by an external agency is mentioned. The Student Handbook makes no mention of distance students\'2C which is not calculated to make them feel part of the Institution. The mechanisms in place to monitor student progress will be adequate for contact students\'2C but monitoring such issues with distance students will require far more work on the part of lecturing staff\'2C and it is not clear how or when they are to do this. The \'E2\'80\'9Cdetailed reports\'E2\'80\'9D mentioned for distance students would almost certainly be produced anyway for contact students\'2C so they are not \'E2\'80\'9Cin addition\'E2\'80\'9D.\line \line Managing the consistency of teaching and learning quality across two campuses and two different modes of delivery is not sufficiently explained. The question of how distance students can follow the same calendar as the contact students\'2C with any flexibility\'2C has been raised above. A distance practitioner-student must travel to the campus\'2C presumably at own expense\'2C for registration\'2C practical classes and exams. The Institution appears to not have investigated online registration and the provision of more than two exam venues around the country and\'2For abroad. For recruiting from other regions\'2C including Europe\'2C this will be essential. The claims that \'E2\'80\'9CIn many cases\'2C the lecturers will teach on both the distance and the contact programmes\'2C and in this manner\'2C equity across campuses is ensured\'E2\'80\'9D imply that SAE intends part-time staff to lecture across campuses\'2C i.e. Cape Town and Johannesburg\'2C in addition to working across modes of delivery. \line \line Information was not found to explain the arrangements for ensuring the consistency and quality of assessment and moderation across sites and modes of delivery. Both modes of delivery are governed by the same policies\'2C but the different procedures to be followed are not explained. The Teaching and Learning policy does not mention distance at all\'3B the Assessment and Moderation Policy mentions it once\'2C merely to state that distance assessments are subject to the same rules and regulations. Nowhere was information found to explain how the same rules\'2C etc. would be applied in the case of distance students. Reference to these processes in the documentation is as though only contact students at a single campus are involved. The physical location where the marking is to be conducted\'2C is not explained. Information explaining the explicitness\'2C validity and reliability of assessment practices was not found for the distance mode of delivery. Likewise\'2C it was not explained how secure assessment of online work and submissions would be achieved\'2C e.g. how SAE would prevent someone else from taking an online test for the student\'2C or submitting work not done by the student. The recording of results and dispute mechanisms are satisfactory.\line \line Information was not provided to explain how the external adjudicators are recruited\'2C which qualifications they must have\'2C what influence they have over the assessment process\'2C and whether they actually mark the students\'27 work. The Institutional Information form also states that SAE does not utilise external examiners. The difference between an examiner and an adjudicator was not explained. External moderators are appointed according to the Assessment Policy\'2C and arrangements follow the DHET requirements\'2C including all moderators being required to have a completed qualification above the level they are moderating. However\'2C no CVs of external moderators were found. Suitable measures for the improvement of staff competence in assessment are mentioned\'2C and that some staff have \'E2\'80\'9Ccompleted assessor training\'E2\'80\'9D\'2C but details of this training were not provided.  \line \line The facilities and venues on campus appear to be suitable. Industry standard software licenses are provided to all students included in the fees\'2C which is commendable but\'2C as mentioned above\'2C no indication was found of what computer specifications are required or how this is communicated to distance students or which SAE processes exist in the event a distance student does not have\'2C or cannot purchase\'2C such a computer. On-campus equipment appears to be very good\'2C and is available to distance students. This problem also applies to physical materials\'2C often not available in distant locations. For distance delivery\'2C supply of these materials directly to the student \'28e.g. by courier\'29 should be investigated. \line \line The occupational health and safety and IT arrangements on campus are satisfactory\'2C and suitable arrangements for online access for staff as well as students are provided. Secure servers and software are in place for institutional and other data not open to students. The library inventory of both sites of delivery was not uploaded as claimed. Asset lists of equipment were provided\'2C and a library strategy with screenshots of the online library interface\'2C but no library inventory. Library provision accordingly could not be evaluated. Details of distance access to online databases\'2C Proquest\'2C etc. were not specified. Proquest\'2C for example\'2C is accessible to students \'E2\'80\'9Con campus\'E2\'80\'9D\'2C but what if a student cannot travel to the campus\'3F\line The maintenance of IT and other equipment is in the care of technical support staff\'2C who are available until 22\'3A00\'2C which is very helpful for students. A continuous programme of maintenance and servicing is indicated\'2C but the equipment inventory indicates a significant number of items out of service\'2C if this is the case. Training in the use of IT facilities is described in vague terms and does not indicate whether any proficiency test or skill level is required.\line \line The Institution has effective administrative services and structures for collecting\'2C managing and providing information\'2C and a suitable combination of online and server storage for institutional and students\'27 submissions. Access is controlled\'2C using encrypted passwords. Data is backed up daily by network administrators. Students only have access to the appropriate networks\'2C and these networks are controlled by encrypted passwords and firewalls. The Institution uses Moodle for both distance and contact learning\'2C which should be adequate. Academic\'2C assessment\'2C and administrative reports are generated regularly. The administrative processes for certification are adequately controlled through a process in which results are checked and entered by more than one individual. The physical process for the production of certificates is monitored by the Head of Academics in person at a secure external printer\'27s premises.\line \line The Institution made a persuasive case\'2C in theory\'2C for distance education. However\'2C the argument and claims made in Section C are in many cases undercut or contradicted by the evidence or lack of it in the application. The Institution claims that this would be an appropriate mode of delivery for those employed full-time. However\'2C the Institution does not seem\'2C on the basis of the documentation given\'2C to have understood the conflict between this intended audience\'27s needs and the stated aim that both contact and distance students follow the same academic calendar. To do so would require distance students to study 32 hours a week\'2C i.e. full-time\'2C which is not possible in addition to full-time work. The \'22weekly submission deadlines\'22 mentioned do not allow a flexible study arrangement\'2C as claimed\'2C for practitioner-students.\line \line The Institution appears to conflate distance study with \'E2\'80\'9Capprenticeship-type\'E2\'80\'9D learning. These are two completely different modes of learning\'2C and the latter\'2C with its reliance on a personal master-apprentice relationship\'2C must be about the opposite of the hands-off distance relationship between distance student and lecturer. In principle\'2C distance education should support students living far from the campus\'2C but the application requires numerous attendances in person at the campus\'2C the costs of which in terms of travel and accommodation do not appear to have been considered. No mention of support in affording these arrangements was found. In this way\'2C the value of distance learning for those far from campus is negated\'2C more so if SAE intends to recruit from as far away as Nigeria or Europe. Remote campuses or offices will need to be established\'2C at a minimum for exams\'2C but registration and as much as possible of the actual delivery needs to be online. On- or near-campus provision of workshops\'2C gallery visits\'2C \'22first-hand exposure to \'E2\'80\'A6 industry\'22 requires personal physical attendance. The SAQA template mentions comparability with qualifications overseas\'2C but the institutions and qualifications mentioned do not refer to distance courses. Comparability would have been better established with distance offerings. The Institution mentions attached documents relating to distance and online learning. Assuming that this refers to those attached to section 10\'2C of the seven policy documents\'2C four mention distance on the cover page only\'3B one states that all distance students are subject to the policy and nothing else\'3B one does not mention distance at all\'3B and one states only that distance students must have access to learning material. These documents\'2C therefore\'2C do not constitute evidence of SAE\'27s distance systems. The Institution goes on to adduce its relationship with the Invictus group and the International Hotel School as extra resources to draw on regarding distance education practice but this suggests that SAE is not fully capable of running distance education from its own resources\'2C and should this support at any time be withdrawn\'2C difficulties would follow. The relationship with these other organisations is not fully explained\'2C and the SAE\'27s capacity for making its own decisions needs to be clarified. This section further refers to additional materials\'2C content\'2C explanations\'2C support\'2C quizzes\'2C etc\'2C available to distance students\'2C but no evidence of any of this material was provided. SAE similarly references training in distance education provided for lecturing staff\'2C but no evidence of this training is provided nor any information about the Invictus staff dedicated to distance students and\'2C as above\'2C the relationship with these staff is not clear. \line \line The Institution acknowledges the fragility of online arrangements\'2C but makes no mention of contingency arrangements for those times when all technological requirements are not reliable. \'22Alternative resources\'22 to be used in these instances are not detailed. SAE discusses assessment\'2C but does not indicate any flexibility for distance students. The module guides do not mention any arrangements for distance students nor indicate that the arrangements apply to them equally. These guides are not ready for distance study. The arrangements for exams are commented on above. SAE also lists a range of support mechanisms\'2C guidelines and rules for distance students\'2C but nowhere in the documentation was any evidence found of what structures\'2C sessions\'2C contact details\'2C schedules\'2C content\'2C etc. might actually consist of. To summarise this section\'2C SAE has admirable aims for distance provision of this programme\'2C but far too little was found to demonstrate readiness.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Arts in Motion Design and Animation \'28360 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1.1 The extent to which the current curriculum enables graduates to articulate to further study in questionable\'2C and requires recurriculation that includes explicit academic literacy components and content. \line \line 1.2 The teaching calendar for distance students does not allow actual flexibility in their studies. \line \line 1.3 A budget for development of teaching materials specifically for this distance programme was not provided. The financial and decision-making relationship between SAE and Invictus\'2C and the extent of decision-making capacity within SAE\'2C was not clarified. \line \line 1.4 The arrangements for distance students for the compulsory on-campus events\'2C registration\'2C etc. are unclear.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The Institution did not provide conclusive evidence that the programme was designed for distance mode\'2C or how it will provide for distance students in those aspects of the course which cannot be dealt with online\'3B how or whether students without reliable access to electricity\'2C internet\'2C and\'2For high-end computers may access the programme\'3B and how working practitioners may be able to keep up with full-time students. \line \line Policies were not revised to acknowledge and speak to distance education and its requirements as different to those of contact study.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1-8\'2C C\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. The minimum computer specifications required\'2C separate costs\'2C fees\'2C etc. for the distance mode of this qualification were not included in recruitment material. The feasibility to recruit overseas students yet stipulate requirements to register\'2C attend events and sit exams on campus in Cape Town\'2C is questionable.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. Employment contracts for lecturing staff do not acknowledge the potential requirement that employees become responsible for distance education programmes or what this responsibility will require. The employment criteria for lecturing staff do not include experience in distance education and\'2For willingness to undergo training for DE. Two organograms\'2C which differed\'2C were provided.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5.1 Details of what the hours of availability of lecturers for distance students will be\'2C and which services\'2C support\'2C etc. they will be expected to provide at what times\'2C remain unclear. \line \line 5.2 Details of extra support services\'2C content and materials\'2C sessions\'2C etc. intended for distance students were not provided.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 6. The Institution did not provide CVs of relevant external moderators.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 7. A library inventory was not supplied.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}