{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 14th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR847\'2FE001CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Felix Risk Training Consultants\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Advanced Certificate in Management  NQF LEVEL 6\'2C SAQA ID 90665\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 4 Meadow Road\'2C Sydenham\'2C Durban\'2C 4091\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line Felix Risk Training Consultants is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a Private Higher Education Institution and does not have any programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution applied for accreditation of an Advanced Certificate in Management NQF LEVEL 6\'2C SAQA ID 90665 which was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 13 September 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 31st July \'E2\'80\'93 02 August 2018.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line \line 1. The Institution has submitted a programme that has critical programme design weaknesses and that is not HEQSF aligned. The application contains information about the programme that is unit standard-based and the module outcomes document was compiled with a unit standard based template. It is not clear which module outcomes\'2C specific to each module\'2C are linked to the programme outcomes as these have not been provided distinctively per module. No programme outcomes\'2Fexit level outcomes have been listed - only some words under a heading of CCFOs. The relevance of the content of the modules cannot be assessed without programme outcomes and properly written module outcomes.\line 2. The SAQA application has not been completed. The document uploaded is not in line with the SAQA template.\line 3. The learning activities table is incomplete. The Institution has indicated yes for all activities but has not added any percentages.\line 4. The prescribed booklist contains no prescribed textbooks or formal publications\line 5. The Institution has attached a contract for workplace learning for 12 months\'2C but workplace learning has not been included in the curriculum.\line 6. The Financial Management Policy and procedure contains no reference to a budget for the development of the programme and the acquisition of resources.\line 7. The Institution has not provided adequate information in terms of admission and selection criteria.\line 8. The Institution set different entry requirements for different elective choices\'2C but those elective choices have not been added to the programme structure.\line 9. The Enrolment Plan contains no student numbers that can be evaluated against institutional capacity.\line 10. The RPL Policy is not aligned to the published HEQC requirements as it does not refer to the 10\'25 limit of RPL admissions to a cohort.\line 11. The Institution has failed to provide evidence of the adequacy and the appropriateness of the qualifications of the academic staff members responsible for the programme. The extent of sufficient relevant experience along with teaching competence and assessment competence cannot be verified as no CVs have been attached for the staff members on the list to verify the information in the list. Moreover\'2C no Workload Allocation Model has been uploaded provided the details of staff members\'2C tasks and time allocation.\line 12. The Institution has uploaded the Stellenbosch University\'27s Policy as a Teaching and Learning Policy. This is unacceptable.\line 13. It is not clear what measures are in place to monitor student progress and programme impact. It is also not clear what academic support programmes are in place.\line 14. The Assessment Policy has information that adopts a unit standard based FET approach which is not applied in HE provision. No reference has been made to internal and external moderation and the appointment of suitable moderators as required in a higher education context.\line 15. The Assessment Strategy does not conform to the level of difficulty required for NQF level 5 learning. The feedback process is also unit standards based and repeats CCFOs and other generic competencies. The process for the recording of assessment results have not been provided.\line 16. The library resources description provided by the Institution does not contain sufficient detail.\line 17. The Institution has not provided a list of books and sources that will be available. No Library Development Plan with a budget was attached.\line 18. The Institution has not demonstrated that it has sufficient capacity in terms of infrastructure\'2C IT and library facilities to offer a higher education programme as proposed. The document attached as \'22Infrastructure\'22 does not address the physical infrastructure detail. The Institution has also indicated that there are 2 teaching rooms\'2C 2 studios\'2Fworkplace learning facilities and 1 library. The Institution may not be able to accommodate successive intakes.\line 19. The Certification Policy refers to procedures in place that are in line with the Services SETA and does not resonate with general HE standards. With regard to technical details\'2C fields of information\'2C reports\'2C MIS and security features\'2C the Institution has not provided sufficient information.\line \line NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A \line \line The Institution should ensure that the name of the programme is HEQSF aligned and is referred to at all times as the Advanced Certificate in Management\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the original application\'2C the first evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report and the additional information provided by the Institution as part of the representation and recommended that the programme should not be accredited.\line \line It should be noted that the listed in the original application and the site listed in the representation is not the same site. The institution has not provided a lease agreement for the new site. The floor plan is not adequate as none of the teaching\'2C study\'2C recreational\'2C library and other spaces have been indicated with capacity. The IT laboratory and equipment will have seating capacity of 30\'2C but this has not been indicated. The institution has indicated that it will use a custom developed MIS. It is not clear what the foundations of this system will be about.\line \line The institution has redesigned the programme. The new programme was provided in a table. The programme consists of 7 modules. The core management modules are relevant to a programme of this nature. However\'2C the institution included a Business Communication module \'2815 credits aimed at teaching students to write and communicate\'29 and Induction to Technology \'28end-user computing to a certain extend\'29. These two modules don\'27t belong on an Advanced Certificate. These are entry level academic skills that should be covered on a Level 5 programme \'28Higher Certificate\'29. \line \line The programme outcomes are problematic. The outcome related to the Technology states\'3A \'22Know how to use the computers and mobile devises... and with Integrated Business Strategy it states\'3A \'22Know how to use different techniques\'2C tools and skills to successfully practice\'2C manage and sustain an organisation\'E2\'80\'99s integrated strategy with the cooperation of all role players.\'22 With financial management it states\'3A \'22Manage the finances of an organization by demonstrating the ability to keep track of all income\'2C expenses\'2C corporate tax payments\'2C assets and the cash flow.\'22 The programme outcomes were poorly formulated in the first two instances and in the last two they are over-ambitious as students who completed an Advanced Certificate can\'27t possibly manage the finance of an organisation or manage the strategy of an organisation. The majority of the module outcomes are problematic as they are about understanding\'2C knowing\'2C discussing and describing. These verbs to not indicate an active ability or competency that is relevant to the workplace. These outcomes have been poorly formulated.\line \line The programme\'27s admission requirements\'2C also included in the SAQA application\'2C state that students need to have obtained a National Senior Certificate \'28NSC\'29 as certified by Umalusi with admission to Diploma studies or Bachelor\'27s degree studies. It is not clear why this is the case as this is a Level 6 Advanced Certificate which has different requirements. It is not an entry level programme either. In addition\'2C it states that the prospective student need to have obtained a higher certificate qualification on an NQFL 5 for a similar qualification. However\'2C this admission can\'27t be a similar qualification\'2C it has to be a Level 5 Higher Certificate in a cognate field. The admission requirements have to be revisited.\line \line The assessment regime presented credible to the most part\'2C but it states that the \'22Mark round of is 63\'25\'22. It is not clear what this refers to or\'2Fand if there is a round-off exercise of some kind to be applied. Insufficient information has been provided.\line \line The learning activities table is not workable. The institution has indicated that 70\'25 of the notional hours will be dedicated to lectures. This is not viable. Only 20\'25 of notional hours will be spend on independent self-study.\line \line The module outlines contain acceptable prescribed textbooks. No recommended reading has been provided. The topics have been presented as outcomes. Content has not been outlined to evaluate the scope of the content to be covered. The budget for the development of materials is completely inadequate as learning materials for 7 modules can\'27t be developed at a cost of R30 000. \line \line The institution has provided an acceptable enrolment plan.\line \line The staff list provided is acceptable in terms of the lecturing staff being qualified one level up. The list does not indicate who will be full-time and who will be part-time. The workload is highly problematic. Staff need to work for 1 800 hours per year. This means that they need to work for 225 days of the year at 8 hours per day. If weekends and public holidays are removed from the equation\'2C then very few days remain for leave and self-improvement. The workload allocation model needs revision. The CVs of staff members have been uploaded. These include more people than have been listed in the staff table. It is not clear what their role will be. The qualifications \'28Masters and Doctorate\'29 of AD Mahabeer are not acceptable as these are not from a credible university.\line \line Students will be monitored during interaction with teaching and through assessment results. Various support mechanisms will be offered. These include counselling services. Feedback\'2C including test\'2Fassignment marks will be given to all students within a reasonable period. Where marking takes time feedback should not take more than a month from the submission deadline. \line \line The library resources listed are not sufficient. It says online journals\'2C but it not clear which components from Emerald\'2C Elsevier and Springer will the institution subscribe to. The library development plan only assigns R30 000 to ebooks and online resources. This will not be adequate.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Advanced Certificate in Management  NQF LEVEL 6\'2C SAQA ID 90665 \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql Staff need to work for 1 800 hours per year. This means that they need to work for 225 days of the year at 8 hours per day. If weekends and public holidays are removed from the equation\'2C then very few days remain for leave and self-improvement. The workload allocation model needs revision.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3 \'26 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The admission requirements state that students need to have obtained a National Senior Certificate \'28NSC\'29 as certified by Umalusi with admission to Diploma studies or Bachelor\'27s degree studies. It is not clear why this is the case as this is a Level 6 Advanced Certificate which has different requirements. It is not an entry level programme either. In addition\'2C it states that the prospective student need to have obtained a higher certificate qualification on an NQF Level 5 for a similar qualification. However\'2C this admission can\'27t be a similar qualification\'2C it has to be a Level 5 Higher Certificate in a cognate field. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The floor plan is not adequate as none of the teaching\'2C study\'2C recreational\'2C library and other spaces have been indicated with capacity.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The Institution has indicated that it will use a custom developed MIS. It is not clear what the foundations of this system will be.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The Institution has not clearly explained the statement that refers to the \'22Mark round of is 63\'25\'22 in the assessment regime.  It is not clear what this refers to or\'2Fand if there is a round-off exercise of some kind to be applied. Insufficient information has been provided.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The library resources listed are not sufficient. It says online journals\'2C but it not clear which components from Emerald\'2C Elsevier and Springer will the institution subscribe to. The library development plan only assigns R30 000 to ebooks and online resources. This will not be adequate.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The listed in the original application and the site listed in the representation is not the same site. The Institution has not provided a lease agreement for the new site. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The programme consists of 7 modules. The core management modules are relevant to a programme of this nature. However\'2C the institution included a Business Communication module \'2815 credits aimed at teaching students to write and communicate\'29 and Induction to Technology \'28end-user computing to a certain extend\'29. These two modules do not belong on an Advanced Certificate. These are entry level academic skills that should be covered on a Level 5 programme \'28Higher Certificate\'29. \line \line The outcome related to the Technology module states\'3A \'22Know how to use the computers and mobile devises... and with Integrated Business Strategy it states\'3A \'22Know how to use different techniques\'2C tools and skills to successfully practice\'2C manage and sustain an organisation\'C3\'83\'C6\'27\'C3\'82\'C2\'A2\'C3\'83\'C2\'A2\'C3\'A2\'E2\'82\'AC\'C5\'A1\'C3\'82\'C2\'AC\'C3\'83\'C2\'A2\'C3\'A2\'E2\'82\'AC\'C5\'BE\'C3\'82\'C2\'A2s integrated strategy with the cooperation of all role players.\'22 With financial management it states\'3A \'22Manage the finances of an organization by demonstrating the ability to keep track of all income\'2C expenses\'2C corporate tax payments\'2C assets and the cash flow.\'22 The programme outcomes were poorly formulated in the first two instances and in the last two they are over-ambitious as students who completed an Advanced Certificate can\'27t possibly manage the finance of an organisation or manage the strategy of an organisation.\line \line The majority of the module outcomes are problematic as they are about understanding\'2C knowing\'2C discussing and describing. These verbs to not indicate an active ability or competency that is relevant to the workplace. These outcomes have also been poorly formulated.\line \line The learning activities table is not workable. The institution has indicated that 70\'25 of the notional hours will be dedicated to lectures. This is not viable. Only 20\'25 of notional hours will be spend on independent self-study.\line \line The module outlines contain acceptable prescribed textbooks. No recommended reading has been provided. \line \line The topics have been presented as outcomes. Content has not been outlined to evaluate the scope of the content to be covered. \line \line The budget for the development of materials is completely inadequate as learning materials for 7 modules can\'27t be developed at a cost of R30 000. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}