{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPN014\'2FE002CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql North West College of Nursing \'3A Mafikeng Campus\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate \'3A Auxiliary Nursing\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus Mafikeng \line Dr Albert Luthuli Drive\line Unit 2\line Mmabatho\line 2735\line \line Klerksdorp Campus\line Arch Bishop Desmond Tutu street\line Klerksdorp\line 2570\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line Application background\line \line The North West College of Nursing \'28Mafikeng Campus\'29 is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and does not have programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The College is a public nursing institution which is located at the provincial office of the North West Department of Health. The College was formed following the merger of two nursing schools that were previously under the administration and management of the respective hospitals. The North West Province has two nursing campuses\'2C i.e. in Mafikeng and Klerksdorp.\line \line The institution has applied for accreditation of two nursing programmes\'2C namely the Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing and Diploma in Nursing. The Diploma in Nursing \'28H\'2FPR1144\'2FE001CAN\'29 was not accredited \'28CHE letter\'2C 22 July 2019\'29. The programme was tabled at the June 2019 AC meeting. The Institution has one opportunity to submit a representation in respect of non-accreditation.\line \line The Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing was submitted for evaluation.\line \line The summary of the evaluator\'27s report and recommendation follow.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The North West College of Nursing\'3A Mafikeng Campus falls under the jurisdiction of the North West Province Department of Health\'2C that owns the buildings and provides financial support to deliver the programme successfully. The programme will be offered at the Mafikeng Campus\'2C as well as the Klerksdorp Campus.\line \line It is indicated that the proposed Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing is aligned with the mission and goals of the College and specifically the goal to prioritise programmes in relation to the current Burden of Disease in South Africa and the North West Province. Graduates will be able to deliver skilled basic nursing care in different settings\'2C such as the community\'2C primary healthcare centres and hospitals\'2C under the supervision of a nurse with a Diploma or Degree in Nursing.  The evaluator indicated that the emphasis is placed on ethical conduct and delivering a practitioner who has achieved a high level of ethical intelligence and that graduates will be provided with basic knowledge\'2C affective\'2C cognitive and conceptual tools\'2C as well as practical techniques for further higher educational studies in Nursing.  In accordance with the nature of the qualification\'2C the programme includes simulated work experience\'2C as well as Work-Integrated Learning \'28WIL\'29.  \line \line The evaluator stated that the programme is supported by the Department of Health of the North West Province\'2C but no mention is made of alignment of the programme with the requirements of the SANC and neither is it indicated that the proposed programme is endorsed by the SANC.  The programme was approved by the College\'E2\'80\'99s governance structures.  The evaluator\'2C furthermore\'2C stated that the programme will be presented as a contact programme\'2C over one year\'2C on a full-time basis.  The proposed programme meets the national requirements of the HEQSF for a Higher Certificate\'2C at NQF level 5\'2C with a total of 128 credits.  \line \line Constructive alignment\'2C progression and coherence are evident in the structure of the programme. All modules are compulsory\'2C and students have to pass all modules.  The evaluator found that the programme design offers adequate depth of knowledge and will equip successful students with the necessary skills to render a meaningful service to the community in which they serve.  Approximately 76\'25 of learning time is contributed by contact sessions.  The evaluator noted that this is in accordance with the nature of the programme and the Institution.  Exit level outcomes are clearly stipulated and aligned with the purpose of the qualification\'2C as well as with assessment criteria.  It is indicated that Work-Integrated Learning \'28WIL\'29 contributes 75 credits.  According to the attached Module Guides\'2C it forms part of five modules.  WIL occurs at various facilities\'2C such as the Mafikeng Provincial Hospital\'2C Lehurutshe Zeerust Complex\'2C Moses Kotane Hospital and Thusong General De La Rey Hospital Complex\'2C among others.  The College is responsible for placement of students\'2C to which extent the required Memoranda of Understanding are in place.  During WIL\'2C students are supervised and mentored by various means\'2C such as clinical accompaniment reports\'2C clinical workbooks\'2C clinical progress reports and interactive or collaborative meetings.  Learning outcomes for WIL are clearly stated and aligned with assessment criteria and methods.  The organisation of WIL is aligned with the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s policy. The programme offers vertical articulation to the Diploma in Nursing\'3A General Nurse at NQF level 6.  \line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme is marketed through a wide range of media\'2C such as the Departmental intranet\'2C College brochures\'2C College exhibitions\'2C local community radios and newspaper advertisements. The admission and selection of students adhere to legislation regarding admission criteria and is aligned with admission to similar programmes.  Selection criteria include a test of academic literacy and consideration of the catchment area\'2C which is the North West Province. Although students from all population groups may be admitted to the programme\'2C the focus will be on previously disadvantaged communities and equity regarding race and gender.  The evaluator stated that admission and selection criteria are appropriate for the nature of the programme and the degree of complexity of learning required.  The planned enrolment is an annual intake of 50 students. Recognition of Prior Learning \'28RPL\'29 will be considered and is governed by the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s RPL Policy and organised by an RPL evidence facilitator. \line \line With regard to staffing\'2C the evaluator found that an adequate number of adequately and appropriately qualified academic personnel are available at both campuses to deliver the programme.  Eight full-time academic staff members are available at Mafikeng Campus to deliver the programme\'2C while five full-time staff members are available at the Klerksdorp Campus.  The ratio of lecturers to students during WIL is not indicated.  An appropriately qualified and experienced Programme Coordinator is responsible to manage programme delivery at each campus\'2C whose roles and responsibilities are clearly defined.  It is also noted that policies are in place to ensure continuous development of staff members. Academic staff members are encouraged to attend symposia\'2C workshops and conferences\'2C while bursaries for academic development are available as well.  All academic personnel are appropriately qualified and experienced to conduct assessments.  Recruitment and appointment of academic and support personnel occur according to legislation. Policies are in place to govern these appointments. In addition\'2C employment occurs according to equity requirements\'2C aligned with the Departmental Employment Equity Plan 2016-2021. The workload distribution of academic staff is monitored to ensure that they can complete their required duties within a reasonable time. It is indicated that a librarian\'2C assisted by two library assistants\'2C manages the library.  The librarian is responsible for the computer laboratory as well.  No further details are provided regarding administrative or support staff.\line \line The evaluator indicated that Teaching and Learning is aligned with the mission and goals of the College.  The Teaching and Learning Strategy promotes a student-centred\'2C outcomes-based approach that encourages independent and lifelong learning.  The programme has a contact mode of delivery\'2C although web-based learning is included.  A variety of teaching methods are used in order to accommodate different styles of learning.  Academic staff members are appropriately qualified and adequately experienced to deliver the programme.  Continuous development of staff is ensured and supported by the Institution. The evaluator also observed that students will be supported by various means\'2C such as constantly updated learning materials\'2C including a reading list for each\'2C as well as access to the library and computer laboratories.  Lecturers and the Programme Coordinator are available at each campus to provide additional support if required.  The Programme Coordinator assists students with non-academic support\'2C should it be required. During WIL\'2C students are supported by various means as well\'2C such as direct observation\'2C feedback sessions and remedial support. All the outcomes\'2C as well as assessment criteria\'2C are clearly communicated to students in the module guide for each module. Measures are in place to identify at-risk and underperforming students early. To ensure quality of teaching and learning\'2C students evaluate programmes on a regular basis.\line \line The evaluator indicated that formative assessment\'2C including continuous assessment\'2C serves to monitor student progress and identify at-risk students early.  During WIL\'2C student progress is monitored by means of direct supervision\'2C clinical accompaniment reports and clinical progress reports.  Timely feedback is provided to students on all formative assessments\'2C in accordance with the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s policy. The evaluator stated that all assessment practices are aligned with the College\'E2\'80\'99s Assessment Policy\'2C to ensure fair\'2C valid and reliable assessment. Formative assessment opportunities include various assessment methods\'2C such as clinical performance assessments\'2C peer review\'2C case studies\'2C projects\'2C assignments and written tests.  Summative assessment includes methods such as written assignments\'2C project reports and objectively structured clinical evaluations \'28OSCEs\'29.  In addition to these\'2C WIL will be assessed by means of a community-based project\'2C direct observation\'2C case study evaluations and clinical skills assessments. Internal and external moderation of assessment occurs in accordance with the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s policy. All summative assessments are internally moderated\'2C followed by external moderation.  Policies are in place to deal with aspects like appeals\'2C settling of disputes\'2C cheating and plagiarism. It is also pointed out that all academic staff are trained as assessors and moderators.  They are encouraged to attend regular workshops on assessment as well.  \line \line As far as facilities and infrastructure is concerned\'2C the evaluator noted that a revitalisation is underway at both campuses of the College of Nursing to improve the infrastructure.  The Mafikeng Campus has 14 furnished and well-equipped lecture halls and classrooms with sufficient seating capacity\'2C while six lecture rooms are available at the Klerksdorp Campus.  In order to facilitate experiential learning\'2C each campus has a fully equipped simulation room.  At the Mafikeng Campus\'2C a fully equipped computer laboratory with internet access contains 40 computers\'2C as well as a projector\'2C whiteboard and two printers\'2C while students at the Klerksdorp Campus have access to 10 computers and 45 laptops\'2C with free Wi-Fi access.  At both campuses\'2C an IT laboratory provides technological support.  During the revitalisation process\'2C a temporary library is available at both campuses.  It is noted that no Health and Occupational Safety Certificate has been submitted for the campuses.\line \line Regarding Criterion 8\'2C it is noted that assessment results are captured manually\'2C since the College of Nursing is still in the process of acquiring a management information system.  A dedicated Programme Coordinator is appointed at each campus where the programme will be delivered and is responsible for administration of the programme.  Certification is governed by the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s Academic Rules and Regulations. \line \line The evaluator recommended that the programme should be accredited with conditions as Criterion 1 and 3 are in need of improvement. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should be accredited with conditions.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate \'3A Auxiliary Nursing \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The North West College of Nursing must provide evidence that the programme has been endorsed by the South African Nursing Council.\line \line - The institution should indicate whether the programme provides articulation opportunity to new nursing qualifications and provide horizontal and vertical articulation options.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 2. The College must indicate what the ratio of students to staff is during WIL \'28clinical accompaniment\'29.\line \line - The WIL credits need to be aligned \'28see 1.4\'2C 1.5 and 1.10\'29 in the HEQC submission and with the SANC curriculum.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\'2C 3 \'26 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 3. The College needs to provide details on the number of administrative and support personnel available per campus indicating that sufficient and adequately qualified personnel is available to support and maintain successful delivery of the programme.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 4. A valid Occupational Health and Safety Certificate for each campus must be submitted.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 5. A site visit will be conducted to both the Mafikeng and Klerksdorp campuses where the programme will be offered to ensure that both sites have the capacity\'2C academic staff and facilities and infrastructure to offer the programme and ensure equivalence in the offering of the programme.  \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1 - 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 6. The Institution should provide evidence of the installation of its Information Management System and the utilisation thereof.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 7. The Institution should clarify the following statement provided under 1.7 of the HEQC submission\'3A\line A student will be promoted to a qualification when he \'2F she have successfully passed all modules of the programme and have obtained a total of 368 credits. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line \line The SAQA form is incomplete\'2C e.g. Rules of Combination \'28no modules and levels\'2Fcredits specified\'29\'2C no horizontal articulation options provided\'2C etc. \line \line The programme title should be HEQSF aligned as the Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}