{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH17\'2FE069CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql University of Venda\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Master Of Education In Philosophy Of Education\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 9\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 180\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 180\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 2 \'2F Part-time\'3A 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line University Drive\line Thohoyandou\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The University of Venda is a public higher education Institution registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Master Of Education In Philosophy Of Education which will be offered in a contact mode of delivery at the main campus\'2C Thohoyandou.\line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of the following programmes which are still in process\'3A \line - Bachelor of Education in Foundation Phase Teaching \line - Bachelor of Education Honours in Guidance and Counselling \line - Bachelor Of Education Honours In Chemistry Education \line - Bachelor Of Education Honours In Physics Education \line - Bachelor Of Education Honours In Sociology Of Education \line - Bachelor Of Education Honours In Psychology Of Education \line - Bachelor Of Education Honours In Inclusive Education \line - Bachelor Of Education Honours In Comparative Education \line - Bachelor Of Education Honours In Philosophy Of Education \line - Bachelor Of Education Honours In Mathematics Education \line - Bachelor Of Education Honours In Curriculum Studies \line - Master Of Education In Chemistry Education \line - Master Of Education In Life Sciences Education \line - Master Of Education In Sociology Of Education \line - Master Of Education In Psychology Of Education \line - Master Of Education In Inclusive Education \line - Master Of Education In Curriculum Studies \line - Master Of Education In Physics Education \line - Master of Education in Guidance and Counselling\line - Master Of Education In Science Education \line - Master Of Education In Comparative Education \line - Master of Education in Early Childhood Education \line - Master Of Education In Educational Management \line - Doctor of Education in Life Sciences Education \line - Doctor Of Education in Comparative Education \line - Doctor Of Education In Mathematics Education \line - Doctor Of Education In Inclusive Education \line - Doctor Of Education In Guidance And Counselling \line - Doctor Of Education In Psychology Of Education \line - Doctor Of Education In Chemistry Education \line - Doctor Of Education In Early Childhood Education \line - Doctor Of Education In Curriculum Studies \line - Doctor Of Education In Educational Management \line - Doctor Of Education in Philosophy Of Education \line - Doctor Of Education In Sociology Of Education \line - Doctor Of Education In Science Education \line - Doctor Of Education In Physics Education \line \line The Institution is currently accredited to offer the following programmes\'3A \line - Advanced Certificate in Education \'28School Management and Leadership\'29 \line - Bachelor of Education Honours in Life Sciences Education \line - Bachelor of Education Honours in Early Childhood Education \line - Bachelor Of Education Honours In Educational Management \line \line The following programmes are HEQSF-Aligned and deemed accredited\'3A \line - Bachelor of Education Honours \line - Master of Education \line - Master of Education in Educational Management \line - Doctor of Education \line - Bachelor of Nursing Science in Education\'2C Management and Community \line - Bachelor of Nursing Honours in Education\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator indicated that all the criteria to be evaluated for a public institution comply with minimum standards and that the programme should be accredited with conditions. According to MRTEQ \'282015\'29 the title of the programme should be Master of Education \'28M Ed\'29 and the CESM category should be 070101.\line The evaluator remarked that the University of Venda is a comprehensive university which offers professional and other training programmes in different levels. The Master of Education is based on appropriate research and learning methodologies which meet the needs and development of the South African region and aligns with the University of Venda vision to be at the centre of tertiary education for rural and regional development in Southern Africa and anchored on the pillars of excellence in teaching\'2C learning\'2C research.  The national\'2C regional and international relevance and competitiveness are indicated by the fact that the programme is open to students from within as well as outside South Africa. The primary purpose of the Master of Education qualification degree is to prepare researchers who contribute to the development of knowledge in the field of Education. The degree comprises a significant research component and could be attained by completing single research project\'2C culminating in the production and acceptance of a thesis. Master of Education students deal with complex issues in education - both systematically and creatively. This programme will address the need for more postgraduate students to do research\'2C which is currently a challenge in South Africa. After completion of Master of Education students meet the minimum entry requirements for a 360 credits NQF Level 10 Doctor of Education or a relevant Professional Doctoral degree in education.\line The evaluator noted that the admission requirements of the programme does not fully align with the stipulations of the HEQSF and MRTEQ in that the minimum entry requirements is stated as a Bachelor of Education Honours qualification with minimum of average of 60\'25. Students in possession of a Postgraduate Diploma in Education may also be admitted provided that they meet the research requirement of the HEQSF \'2830 credit research\'29. Selection criteria also include the submission of a research proposal. Recognition of Prior Learning according to University of Venda should also be considered within the parameters of the institution\'E2\'80\'99s RPL policy. The evaluator also pointed out that there are two variants to the master\'E2\'80\'99s degree \'E2\'80\'93 this programme should state clearly in the application and in advertising material that it is a master\'E2\'80\'99s by dissertation. The evaluator indicated that the enrolment plan is adequate and that widening of access will form part of the marketing of the programme. UNIVEN will use this as an opportunity to advertise the programme nationally. Recognition of prior learning will be extended to deserving experienced candidates. The candidates should provide motivation indicating that they can cope with the expectations of the programme if enrolled. \line The evaluator stated that the Teaching and Learning Strategy reflects the institution\'E2\'80\'99s mission. The defining characteristic of a master\'E2\'80\'99s degree in Education requires that the candidate demonstrates research competence\'2C and to make an academic contribution to education. The research\'2C which may be purely discipline-based\'2C or multidisciplinary\'2C or applied research\'2C must be undertaken at an advanced academic level\'2C culminating in the production of a dissertation. The evaluator indicated that students are supported by their promoters. They are also supported collectively through research seminars which take place twice a year. The School librarian offers training to candidates on the use of the library particularly on ways of accessing sources needed when they do their independent study. Mechanisms are in place to monitor students\'E2\'80\'99 progress\'2C evaluate programme impact and effect improvement. Candidates who are at-risk are identified\'2C and when they are unable to cope with agreed timelines of submissions of research materials. These candidates are then invited by the promoters for consultation in order to find out the root cause of not adhering to the stipulated timelines in the contract.\line The university has policies and rules which guide internal and external assessment procedures and moderation. The policy places emphasis on the design of assessment to promote student learning. As this is the research programme\'2C students are assessed once they have submitted the whole project. The School Higher Degrees Committee appoints two supervisors per student. Of the two supervisors\'2C one serves as a supervisor and the other one as co-supervisor. These two supervisors\'2C after they are satisfied with the progress of the student\'2C submit the dissertation for examination. They then examine the dissertation and allocate marks independently. This practice is not typical of higher education institutions as supervisors should not act as examiners and should be reconsidered.  The dissertation is also examined by two external examiners who have requisite qualifications. Students get feedback on one-on-one basis with their supervisors. After submission of their work\'2C the supervisors are to give feedback on or before two weeks. \line As far as Criterion 9 is concerned\'2C the evaluator stated that the programme will adhere to UNIVEN Postgraduate policies and regulations for the approval of candidates\'E2\'80\'99 research proposals and thesis. Criteria for the selection and appointment of supervisors is done by the School Higher Degrees Committee. The candidate\'E2\'80\'99s research proposal is reviewed\'2C and successful candidates make presentations. The proposal is submitted to the School Higher Degree Committee \'28SHDC\'29 for recommendation to the University Higher Degrees Committee \'28UHDC\'29 for approval. Completed dissertations are submitted for examination to the Examinations Office. The outcome of the examination is based on the comments from all the examiners. External examiners are specialists in different fields and are selected according to their expertise. In terms of workload it is noted that doctoral holders are given students at master level as a way of exposing them to rigorous and quality supervision. Main supervisors and co-supervisors are assigned to doctoral and masters students\'2C whilst lecturers who are Master of Education holders are allocated as co-supervisors for master students and main supervisors of honours students. There are guidelines in place for governing the roles and responsibilities of students and supervisors. The candidate and the promoter are obliged to sign a Contract to bind them in the supervisor-supervisee relationship. Policies and procedures are in place to deal with student complaints\'2C grievances\'2C plagiarism\'2C and re-marking. Staff development practices undertaken over the last 3 years in relation to postgraduate supervision\'2C expenditure on research for the past 3 years and research\'2Fscholarly output for the past 3 years has been adequately articulated in the submission. Plans in place to mentor academic staff into research activities. The Directorate of Research and Innovation conducts workshops on research supervision and publications for new and seasoned academics.\line The Directorate recommends that the programme should be accredited.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Master Of Education In Philosophy Of Education \'28180 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 1. According to MRTEQ the title of the programme should be Master of Education and the CESM category 070101 \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 2. It is not common practice that supervisors act as examiners at this level and this practice should be revisited by UNIVEN\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6 \'26 9\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 3. UNIVEN needs to revise the admission requirements to bring it in line with the HEQSF and MRTEQ and include a relevant Postgraduate Diploma in Education \'28with a research component\'29 that may be recognized for admission.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 4. UNIVEN should clearly indicate in its application form and in advertising material that the programme is a master\'3Fs degree by dissertation.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}