{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR037\'2FE054CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Richfield Graduate Institute of Technology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Entrepreneurship   \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Umhlanga Ridge Campus\line 9 Palm Boulevard\'2C \line Umhlanga Rocks\line 4320\line \line Struben Street Campus\line 287 Struben Street\'2C \line Pretoria\line 0001\line \line Church Street Campus\line 421 Church Street\'2C \line Pretoria\line 0001\line \line Bloemfontein Campus\line 22A Aliwal Street\'2C Cnr. Elizabeth \'26 Aliwal Street\'2C\line Bloemfontein\line 9301\line \line Polokwane Campus\line 52 Church Street\'2C \line Polokwane\line 0700\line \line Kempton Park Campus\line 22 Voortrekker Street\'2C \line Kempton Park\'2C\line 2001\line \line Harrison Street Campus \line 37 Harrison Street\'2C Nelson Mandela Building\line Johannesburg\line 2001\line \line Joe Slovo Street Campus\line 44 Joe Slovo Street\'2C \line Durban\line 4000\line \line Cape Town Campus\line 49 St George Mall\'2C \line Cnr Castle Street \'26 St Georges Mall\'2C \line Cape Town\line 8000\line \line Pietermaritzburg Campus -  Timber Street\line 21 Timber Street\'2C \line Pietermaritzburg\line 3201\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Richfield Graduate Institute of Technology \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training \'28DHET\'29 as a Private Higher Education Institution \'28PHEI\'29 and is accredited by the Council on Higher Education \'28CHE\'29 to offer 21 higher education programmes. It has 34 registered sites of delivery. \line \line The Institution is applying for the accreditation of a Higher Certificate in Entrepreneurship to be offered in the contact mode of delivery from the Joe Slovo Street Campus\'2C Struben Street Campus\'2C Kempton Park Campus\'2C Pietermaritzburg Campus - Timber Street\'2C Cape Town Campus\'2C Bloemfontein Campus\'2C Umhlanga Ridge Campus\'2C Church Street Campus\'2C Polokwane Campus\'2C and Harrison Street Campus.\line \line The Institution had previously applied for accreditation of Higher Certificate in Entrepreneurship and a Diploma in Entrepreneurship which were both not accredited\'3A The programmes were tabled at Accreditation Committee meeting\'2C and at an HEQC meeting held 22-23 February 2012. The HEQC noted the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee that the programmes not be accredited with a number of different reasons. \line \line The Higher Certificate in Entrepreneurship was not accredited due to the following reason\'3A\line - During the representation process\'2C more than 50\'25 of the curriculum for this programme has changed.  It was\'2C therefore\'2C difficult to assess the programme. A new application must be submitted.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator finds that the Institution needs improvement in the minimum standards in respect of Criterion 2\'2C 3\'2C 4\'2C 5\'2C 6\'2C and 7. Criterion 8 meets minimum standards\'2C and Criterion 1 does not meet the programme design and coherence requirement. The evaluator recommends that the programme should not be accredited. \line \line The Institution wishes to offer the Higher Certificate in Entrepreneurship to assist individuals and organisations to achieve their personal and organisational goals.  However\'2C the evaluator is of the view that the curriculum of this programme will not achieve this\'2C although the potential for a well-designed programme to do so exists.  The qualification consists of 12 compulsory modules and articulation pathways \'28other than diagonal\'29 are not clear. Contact time constitutes 40\'25 of the total learning time\'3B tutorials \'28contact\'29 constitute 10\'25\'2C and syndicate groups constitute 10\'25 of the total learning time.  Combined\'2C this is 720 hours of contact for the year\'2C approximately 24 hours a week\'2C assuming a 15-week semester\'2C which is either misleading or excessive.  \line \line More significantly\'2C the evaluator finds that three of the four exit level outcomes are inappropriate for the programme as follows\'3A The outcome\'2C \'3F\'5Bd\'5Demonstrate an informed understanding of the concepts of target marketing and consumer behaviour strategies\'3F\'2C an appropriate outcome for a marketing management module but not an exit level outcome for this programme. The second outcome\'2C \'3F\'5Bd\'5Demonstrate applied competence in small business finance and administration\'3F \'3F is not able to be met as there are no financial accounting modules only an accounting module \'28Fundamentals of Accounting 511 and 512\'29.  Also\'2C small business finance pertains to one of the four learning outcomes of the \'3FEntrepreneurship and Small Business Management 512\'3F module. Finally\'2C the outcome \'3F\'5Bd\'5Demonstrate the ability to function effectively and ethically as a leader in business\'3F which is not a realistic outcome\'2C and ethics and leadership are not in the curriculum.\line \line The evaluator concludes that the curriculum is poorly designed and lacks academic coherence.  Overlap in the syllabuses is equally problematic\'2C and in many modules the learning outcomes not align to the module contents.  The reading list is ill-conceived as\'2C for example\'2C five textbooks prescribed for one module at NQF level 5. The elements of the marketing mix are lacking in the Marketing Management modules. Most of the learning outcomes for Accounting are inappropriate for the basic nature of the programme. For example\'2C one outcome requires Higher Certificate students to \'3Fprepare the financial statements of business entities such as Sole trader\'2C Partnerships\'2C companies\'2C Close corporations\'3F.  Nowhere in the curriculum is any Economics addressed.    \line \line The learning outcomes for the Business Information Systems module in the first semester is identical to those of the follow on module to be offered in the second semester. Some of the outcomes of the WIL are inappropriately theoretical. Formative and continuous assessment is conflated in the assessment statement. It is not clear how the competencies developed in the programme are aligned to the appropriate NQF level. The evaluator has provided detailed reasons for the finding that the programme does not meet the minimum standards for Criterion 1.  \line \line The Institution states that the promotional materials will comply with DHET and SAQA requirements\'2C but these have not been submitted. No provision is made for applicants with a Senior Certificate. Widening access is understood in terms of the lower entrance requirements for a higher certificate\'2C rather than in respect of the student profile. The enrolment plan is unrealistic as the Institution has applied for 10 campuses across South Africa.    The RPL Policy contains track changes that have not been addressed. \line \line The Institution identified 24 academic staff members to teach the programme on 10 campuses. Of the 24\'2C only 9 possess a Degree or a BTech qualification\'2C 9 have an Honours degree \'28NQF 8\'29\'2C and 6 staff have Master\'3Fs degrees which contradicts the assertion that full-time staff have an Honours degree. The Directorate is of the view that the overall profile nonetheless meets the requirements\'2C although the team is small for the number of sites. The tertiary teaching experience of the 24 academics is 4 years\'2C and their assessment and research experience relevant to entrepreneurship could not be established. The Institution outlined a few staff development activities.  \line \line The Institution claims an adequate cohort of administrative and support staff for its 9 000 students\'2C and states that the administrator to student ratio is 1\'3A150.  Given the numbers anticipated\'2C this is adequate for the administrative services needed. The evaluator finds that there is a lack of diversity in the staff.   \line \line Although there is a high level of contact time listed in the learning activities\'2C the submission states that \'3Fthe teaching methods will be tailored to suit the needs of high technology students in a contact learning mode\'3F. The evaluator is concerned about whether the mode of delivery is contact or primarily distance. The Institution indicates that a student counsellor is available at each site and tutors assist lecturers in practical modules taught. In addition to the concerns indicated above in respect of the reading lists\'2C there is a need to update the editions of the prescribed textbooks and provide one well-chosen text per module\'2Fs rather than the current three to five books per module. Adequate measures are in place for module evaluation\'2C lecturer evaluation and staff development opportunities to improve the programme and its delivery.   \line The Institution confuses formative and continuous assessment\'2C there are contradictions in the ways in which formative assessment marks are used for access to the summative assessment. It is not clear whether the summative assessment of all modules in the programme will be externally moderated\'2C although this is indicated in the Policy. The RPL Policy contains contradictory information.  \line \line  There are adequate lecture venues\'2C furniture and equipment\'2C and IT infrastructure. There are libraries on all campuses and students have access to e-libraries. The tablets issued to students are updated with learning materials and there is a budget for the expansion of library resources. It is not clear\'2C however\'2C whether the prescribed material is only in the Main Library or also in the tuition centre libraries. Staff and students are provided with a training programme in end-user computing.\line \line The Institution has a management information system and security measures are in place.  The MIS ensures that student records are accurate and the integrity of certification is maintained. The administrative systems identify academically non-active students and ensure the identification of at-risk students. Adequate measures are in place to ensure the integrity of assessment practices and the issuing of certificates.  \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Entrepreneurship    \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql Although the the programme is planned for ten sites of delivery\'2C this is not reflected in the enrolment and concomitant staffing plans which are not sufficient.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 2\'2C 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql In addition to the problematic exit level outcomes\'2C the choice of modules and the learning outcomes and content of the modules do not meet the needs of the programme purpose as envisaged. 1   \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql Library arrangements at the \'E2\'80\'98satellite\'E2\'80\'99 libraries are not clear. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The capacity to offer the programme appears limited as the same cohort of 24 academic staff is submitted for 10 campuses.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The number and nature of prescribed texts per module does not align to the requirements of  a level 5 higher certificate. A number of the texts on the list are outdated. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The percentage of learning time allocated to contact sessions does not align to the dependence on online \'2F teaching technologies. It is not clear whether this learning time is practical\'2C or necessary\'2C for the delivery of the programme. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\'2C 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The programme design does not cohere. Three of the four exit level outcomes are inappropriate for the programme purpose. Some of the exit level outcomes are actually module and not qualification outcomes. The outcome which references the ability to function \'C3\'A2\'E2\'82\'AC\'C5\'93effectively and ethically as a leader in business\'C3\'A2\'E2\'82\'AC\'C2\'9D is not achievable in the programme\'2C and is not addressed by the curriculum.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}