{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR845\'2FE001CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql LUNGHILE NURSING SCHOOL \'5BPTY\'5D LTD\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Nursing\'3A Staff Nurse\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql LUNGHILE NURSING SCHOOL \'5BPTY\'5D \line 117\'2F119 OXFORD ROAD \line SAXONWOLD \line GAUTENG \line 2196\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Lunghile Nursing School \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Diploma in Nursing\'3A Staff Nurse programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 31st July \'3F 02 August 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 13 September 2018.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line \line 1. The programme design has critical weaknesses and lacks coherence. Programme information and modules uploaded appear to have changes made which do not reflect in the final curriculum. No rules of combination have been provided. No alignment to NQF levels has been articulated. Furthermore\'2C the credit assignment and hours for WIL as denoted are unclear and not aligned to SANC regulations.  \line \line  2.  The Institution cannot offer this programme using the format of part-time studying as this is not aligned with the professional requirements.   \line \line  3. The budget uploaded is not on an official document and neither does it accurately reflect expenditure envisaged for this programme. A budget for the development of learning materials has not been provided. \line \line  4. The Institution has not provided evidence of an application of endorsement to SANC. \line \line  5. Admission and selection criteria have to be clearly stipulated especially the principles to be adopted with regards to RPL. The current RPL Policy is not aligned with SANC and CHE requirements. No marketing material has been provided and neither is there any recruitment policy. Policies uploaded are neither dated nor signed or approved. \line \line  6. The Institution has provided insufficient information pertaining to the staffing complement and the distribution of roles and responsibilities as no Workload Allocation Model has been provided with a clear indication as to how this would apply to this programme.  \line \line  7. The allocation of teaching time percentages is pegged at 20\'25 which is low for a contact programme and for the field of study.  \line \line  8. The WIL Policy provided is brief and does not cover the required aspects of clinical placement including roles and responsibilities.  No evidence is provided of monitoring of WIL\'2C assessment or management has been provided. No evidence of clinical placements has been provided. Based on the information provided there appears to be discrepancies in credits assigned to WIL and the estimated hours that are required for clinical placement.  \line \line  9. The equipment list provided is not appropriate and sufficient and will not meet the learning skills requirements of students in a Diploma programme.   \line \line 10. The Assessment Policy\'2C Moderation and Examinations Policy are not comprehensive and suitable for a higher education institution. There is no evidence of factors pertaining to security\'2C validity and reliability of assessment being considered. The lack of any policy governing clinical assessment which is critical for this programme is problematic as there is no coverage of how WIL is managed or assessed with the accompanying instruments like log books etc. The process for recording of assessments and the processes for appeals and dispute resolution in relation to assessments have not been provided. \line \line 11. No OHS certificate has been provided.  \line \line 12. The Institution lacks an effective system of administration with respect to student records\'2C monitoring of performance and certification. The Certification Policy provided addresses employment equity. A comprehensive LMS is not place.  \line \line NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A It is unclear whether the site applied for is Saxonwold or Barberton.\line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator reviewed the original application\'2C the first evaluator\'3Fs report\'2C the recommendation made by the HEQC not to accredit the programme\'2C and the representation made and concluded that the programme should be accredited as most of the concerns raised by the CHE have been addressed. \line In the HEQC recommendation it was indicated that the programme design had critical weaknesses and lacked coherence. It was also pointed out that the programme information and modules uploaded appeared to have been changed\'2C but it was reflected in the final curriculum\'3B no rules of combination were provided\'3B no alignment to NQF levels had been articulated and the credit assignment and hours for WIL were unclear and not aligned to SANC regulations. In the representation\'2C the Institution expressed its appreciation to the CHE for giving them the opportunity to clarify documents. In submitting the original application\'2C they were under the impression that SANC would provide the curricula as in the past. The institution has now had the opportunity to develop the curriculum and be involved in the curriculum development process. The evaluator noted that the curriculum provided reflects that the seven first year modules are all on NQF level 5\'3B the six second year modules are all on NQF level 6 with one module on NQF level 5\'3B and the three modules in the 3rd year are on NQF level 7 with two at NQF level 6. A total of 120 credits are allocated for each year thus totalling 360. The evaluator also indicated that hours for WIL reflect 1970 hours in various health care facilities such as hospitals\'2C clinics and other institutions. The evaluator concluded that the curriculum submitted is not comprehensive enough to meet the standards set by SANC and that LNS need to submit a comprehensive and detailed curriculum reflecting how the SANC standards are met.\line The HEQC also indicated in its recommendation that LNS could not offer this programme using the format of part-time studying as this was not aligned with the professional requirements for nursing education. In their reaction LNS confirmed that in accordance with the training requirements the programme will only be offered on contact basis. \line The HEQC\'2C furthermore\'2C stated that the budget uploaded was not on an official document and neither did it accurately reflect expenditure envisaged for this programme. In addition\'2C a budget for the development of learning materials had not been provided and a combined budget for both the Rosebank and Barberton campuses had been submitted. In the representation separate budgets have been submitted for the two campuses. Included in the budgets are costs for the development of learning and teaching materials. In general\'2C these address the concerns of the HEQC and appears to be sufficient.\line The HEQC also pointed out that the Institution had not provided evidence of an application of endorsement to SANC. As part of the representation\'2C a letter of intent to SANC is included which was submitted by the institution in 2013. According to representation SANC will not take further steps for endorsement of the Nursing Institution until proof of accreditation with the Council on Higher Education as well as proof of registration with the Department of Higher Education and Training has been received. The evaluator noted that without confirmation of the CHE accreditation\'2C they cannot provide the required evidence to satisfy these requirements.\line In the HEQC recommendation Lunghile Nursing School was requested to provide an updated version of the institutions policy on Student Recruitment\'2C Selection and Admission as well as the latest version of the Policy on Recognition of Prior Learning \'28RPL\'29 with the representation document. This was done.\line The HEQC pointed out that LNS had provided insufficient information pertaining to the staffing complement and the distribution of roles and responsibilities and no Workload Allocation Model had been provided with a clear indication as to how this would apply to this programme. In the representation a first year Workload Allocation Model has been uploaded which reflects lecturers\'2C and time for different responsibilities. The representation also states that upon accreditation more lecturers will be appointed. The evaluator concluded that the information available is insufficient as the number of lecturers per site cannot be deduced from document.\line Another concern raised by the HEQC was that the allocation of teaching time percentages was pegged at 20\'25 which is low for a contact programme and for the field of study. In the representation the teaching time was reviewed and time is now pegged at 50\'25. The evaluator thought that teaching time for contact teaching is still low and it is not clear if it is only classroom and whether clinical teaching time is included.\line The HEQC also pointed out that the WIL Policy provided was brief and did not cover the required aspects of clinical placement including roles and responsibilities. In addition\'2C no evidence was provided of monitoring of WIL\'2C assessment or the management thereof\'2C and no evidence of clinical placements had been provided. In response\'2C LNS provided a revised WIL policy\'2C but this was not on an official letterhead. Nonetheless\'2C it does include detail on the purpose\'2C definitions\'2C responsibilities\'2C experiential learning and requirements. The evaluator remarked that is was now more extensive. LNS also indicated that a clinical mentor will be appointed to orientate students placed at the facility\'2C conduct demonstrations and provide guidance as per the learner\'2Ffacilitator workbooks and procedure files. The mentor will also check and sign off learner timesheets and appraisals\'2C and report on a monthly basis on the time spent with the learner as well as any procedures performed by the learner during this time and the competency level of the learner. In the representation\'2C the number and types of clinical facilities are stated. The evaluator\'2C however\'2C stated that the total credits for WIL is not indicated in the policy document\'2C but it is clearly stated in the representation. It is evident that Work Integrated Learning will comprise of 197 credits \'281970 notional hours\'29 of which 70\'25 will be supervised and mentored. The WIL component of this programme will be structured over the three years. A student clinical roster document is provided as well as an example of a continuous assessment tool for tracheotomy care and the memorandum is uploaded. The evaluator noted that the revised WIL policy does not reflect that clinical facilities must be approved by SANC and the statement that learners will write the summative SANC examination is incorrect. Moreover\'2C the policy is not dated\'2C or signed or approved\'2C and the total credits are not stated in policy.\line In the HEQC recommendation\'2C it was indicated that the equipment list provided was not appropriate and sufficient and did not meet the learning skills requirements of students in a Diploma programme. In the representation\'2C a list of specialized equipment was submitted under different themes such as biomedical\'2C pharmacology\'2C etc. but the evaluator pointed out that it is not clear if the list reflects for both campuses as the number of items are not indicated. \line The HEQC also pointed out that the Assessment Policy\'2C Moderation and Examinations Policy were not comprehensive and suitable for a higher education institution. There was no detail pertaining to security\'2C validity and reliability of assessment\'3B there was a lack of requisites governing clinical assessment which is critical for this programme\'3B and the process for recording of assessments and the processes for appeals and dispute resolution in relation to assessments had not been provided. LNS has submitted an Assessment Policy\'2C Moderation and Examinations Policy. In this document\'2C key terms are defined\'2C and it is indicated that assessment will be used for various purposes and not only for performance measurement and knowledge acquired by the student and that the assessment methods of outcome-based education \'28OBE\'29 will be used in order for students to demonstrate that they have achieved the set outcomes. Modes of assessment include formative\'2C summative and integrated assessment. Security\'2C reliability and validity are well documented\'2C but moderation is mentioned in a few sentences. It is indicated that Examination Security will be assured by means of trained facilitators and comprehensive exam security measures. A student dispute resolution section is contained within the policy and sets out the steps to follow. The policy mentions that 60\'25 of clinical assessments will be done in real life situations and a student clinical roster is submitted that reflects the hours spent in a specific discipline. The Clinical Accompaniment Document outlines the procedures to be followed with space for activity and mark allocated. It is also noted that recording of assessments will take place through the LMS. In reviewing the documentation the evaluator found that formative assessment will only count 20\'25 and though that this needs to count a higher percentage of about 50\'25. The evaluator also though that moderation needs to be described in more detail.\line The HEQC also noted that no OHS certificate had been provided and LNS has subsequently provided a health and safety certificate for the Saxonwold campus but not for the Barberton campus. \line It was also indicated that the Institution lacked an effective system of administration with respect to student records\'2C monitoring of performance and certification. In the representation LNS has identified a student management system \'28Student Manager\'29 to effectively manage the student lifecycle but this will only become operational once students are enrolled. A Certification policy was provided indicating that the LMS will issue learners who have successfully completed qualifications by meeting the assessment criteria for the qualifications. The policy further states the authority of the examination section and the principal of the school in the issuing of the certificate. The Examination Administration office shall have effective mechanisms in place to ensure that no unauthorised alterations can be made to a student\'3Fs records. The Administration Manager shall see to it that all qualification certificates are stored safely and securely\'2C and that each certificate be assigned a unique number\'2C which shall be captured electronically and on hard copy. The evaluator concluded that it appears as if the proposed system is adequate and that the Certification Policy meets standards\line The Directorate recommends that the programme should be accredited with conditions\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Nursing\'3A Staff Nurse \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The curriculum submitted by LNS is not comprehensive enough to meet the standards set by SANC and LNS therefore need to submit a comprehensive and detailed curriculum providing information on the modules \'28year levels\'2C NQF level\'2C credit values\'2C notional hours of contact teaching and practical work\'29 and reflecting how the SANC standards are met.\line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. LNS must submit a detail staff recruitment plan per indicating how staff will be resourced\'2C and indicating the qualifications and experience required and the modules and year levels to be offered. The staff recruitment plan must include detail on clinical accompaniment. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 3. LNS should ensure that the following aspects receive attention in the revised WIL policy submitted\'3A a\'29 it must indicate that clinical facilities must be approved by SANC\'3B b\'29 the statement that learners will write the summative SANC examination is incorrect and must be removed\'3B c\'29 the policy must be dated\'2C signed and approved\'2C and d\'29 the total credits for WIL must be clearly stated in the policy.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1 \'26 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 4. A detailed WIL \'2Fexperiential learning plan and programme with learner guide needs to be developed and submitted for evaluation. The document also needs to contain assessment forms for skills and demonstrate how competency will be achieved.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1 \'26 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 5. The list of specialized equipment submitted is not clear and does not specify if the list reflects both campuses as the number of items are not indicated per site.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 6. LNS should review the Assessment Policy\'2C Moderation and Examinations Policy and pay attention to the following two issues\'3A a\'29 the weighting of formative assessment needs to count a higher percentage of about 50\'25\'3B and b\'29 moderation procedures and processes need to be described in more detail.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 7 A site visit will be conducted to both sites of delivery prior to the enrolment of any students to veify that the site has the capacity\'2C facilities and infrastruture to offer the proposed programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1-8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}