{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FAG03\'2FE002CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Fort Cox College of Agriculture and Forestry\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql ADVANCED DIPLOMA IN AGRICULTURE \'28ANIMAL PRODUCTION\'29 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Middledrift\line Eastern Cape Province\line 5685\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Fort Cox College of Agriculture and Forestry is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training. The college is one of eleven agricultural colleges that fall under the auspices of the Department of Agriculture\'2C Forestry and Fisheries that provide both higher education and technical vocational programmes in agriculture and forestry. There is the prospect of registration with the DHET as soon as the process\'2C which includes input from both Ministerial offices\'2C has been concluded \'28possibly in 2020\'29. The colleges are located in six provinces\'2C namely Kwa-Zulu-Natal\'2C North West\'2C Western Cape\'2C Eastern Cape\'2C Free State and Limpopo. The Fort Cox College of Agriculture and Forestry is located in Middledrift\'2C near East London\'2C in the Eastern Cape. \line \line The Institution currently offers two HEQSF-aligned \'28Category A\'29 programmes\'2C namely\'3A\line 1. Diploma in Forestry \'28NQF level 6\'2C 380 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FAG03\'2FK002CAN\'29\line 2. Diploma in Agriculture \'28NQF level 6\'2C 392 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FAG03\'2FK001CAN\'29.\line \line The aforementioned programmes were submitted for evaluation during the 2011 reaccreditation cycle \'28reaccreditation was concluded in 2013\'29.\line \line The Fort Cox College of Agriculture and Forestry applied for accreditation of the following programmes to be offered at the Middledrift\'2C Eastern Cape\'2C Main Campus\'3A \line 1. Diploma in Agriculture in Agricultural Engineering \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 360 Credits\'2C Contact mode\'2C H\'2FAG03\'2FE001CAN\'29\line 2. Advanced Diploma in Agriculture in Animal Production \'28NQF level 7\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FAG03\'2FE002CAN\'29 \'E2\'80\'93 The application is ready for the AC\'27s recommendation. \line 3. Advanced Diploma in Agriculture in Horticulture \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 120 Credits\'2C Contact mode\'2C H\'2FAG03\'2FE003CAN\'29 \line 4. Advanced Diploma in Forestry in Forestry Management \'28NQF level 7\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FAG03\'2FE004CAN\'29\'E2\'80\'93 The application for accreditation is in process.\line \line Application for programme accreditation\'3A\line The outcome of the accreditation applications is as follows\'3A\line 1. Diploma in Agriculture in Agricultural Engineering \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 360 Credits\'2C Contact mode\'2C H\'2FAG03\'2FE001CAN\'29\line 2. Advanced Diploma in Agriculture in Horticulture \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 120 Credits\'2C Contact mode\'2C H\'2FAG03\'2FE003CAN\'29\line \line - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29 \'28CHE letter\'2C 25 September 2018\'29. The conditions for accreditation are listed below\'3A\line \line i. Advanced Diploma in Agriculture in Horticulture \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 120 Credits\'2C Contact mode\'2C H\'2FAG03\'2FE003CAN\'29\line \line Prior to commencement \line 1\'29 The Institution should confirm the name of the qualification ensuring that the name is HEQSF aligned and submit this information to the CHE.\line Long-term \line 2\'29 The Institution should submit a plan for widening access into the programme as consideration should be given to equity in terms of gender and race. \line \line Prior to commencement \line 3\'29 The CHE will conduct a site visit to verify that the Institution has the required facilities and capacity to offer higher education programmes. \line \line NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A \line The title Advanced Diploma in Agriculture in Horticulture may also be used but the 50\'25 rule according to the HEQSF needs to be met. \line \line ii. Diploma in Agriculture in Agricultural Engineering \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF Level 6\'2C 360 Credits\'2C Contact mode\'2C H\'2FAG03\'2FE001CAN\'29\line Prior to commencement \line 1\'29 The Institution should confirm the name of the qualification ensuring that the name is HEQSF aligned and submit this information to the CHE. \line \line Long-term \line 2\'29 The Institution should submit a plan for widening access into the programme as consideration should be given to equity in terms of gender and race. \line \line Prior to commencement \line 3\'29 The CHE will conduct a site visit to verify that the Institution has the required facilities and capacity to offer higher education programmes.\line \line NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A \line The title Advanced Diploma in Agriculture in Agricultural Engineering may also be used but the 50\'25 rule according to the HEQSF needs to be met.\line \line Site visit\'3A\line A site visit was conducted on 25 July 2019. The site visit took place at the Middledrift Main Campus. The site visit to the Institution served to verify that the outstanding conditions have been met as well as verify whether the Institution has the required facilities and capacity to offer higher education programmes.\line \line The Institution was\'2C therefore\'2C required to provide evidence\'2C to the Site Visit Panel\'2C of how the Criteria for Programme Accreditation \'28Criteria 1 \'E2\'80\'93 8\'29 have been met. The site visit report will be tabled at the next AC meeting.\line \line Conclusion\'3A\line The Advanced Diploma in Agriculture \'28Animal Production\'29 was submitted for evaluation during the peer review process. The summary of the evaluator\'27s report and recommendation follow.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator found that all the criteria meet minimum standards and recommended that the Advanced Diploma in Agriculture \'28Animal Production\'29 should be accredited with conditions.\line \line It is indicated that the programme is consistent with the College\'27s mission which is to provide quality education and training in Agriculture and Forestry\'2C and engage in applied research and in community outreach. The evaluator pointed out that animal production is an important component of Agriculture and South Africa needs animal production practitioners who can align with the science and technology associated with modern animal production in order to ensure a sustainable future for livestock farmers and a competitive market for animal products. Furthermore\'2C the qualification fills a demand for the Government\'2C who is one of the major employers of the College\'E2\'80\'99s graduates\'2C and now requires that extension officers should hold an NQF 7 qualification - and not only an NQF 6 qualification \'28Diploma\'29 which most of their extension officers hold.  \line \line The evaluator was of the opinion that graduates of this qualification will be well equipped for self-employment\'2C both as a livestock farmer and livestock unit manager.  The programme provides a sound base for those graduates aspiring for advanced training in specialised areas of Animal Science. The evaluator indicated that the programme has been well-designed and is fit for purpose in terms of teaching and learning\'2C assessment and staffing. The site is set in an ideal location for training in agriculture and community engagement is integral to the academic activities of the College. The outline of modules in the programme has been well designed and clearly articulate the expected learning outcomes and assessment criteria against which such competencies will be evaluated. The rules of combination in terms of order\'2C time of offering and prerequisites of the modules have been well outlined in that compulsory modules in each semester have been identified. The qualification is designed with a total credit load of 120 credits based on compulsory and elective modules.  \line \line The competences developed in the programme have been well aligned with the appropriate NQF level. The evaluator thought that the emphasis on delivering practical skills within the programme \'2840\'25 practical workplace experience\'29 is plausible\'2C and there is a good balance with independent self-study. The processes and procedures for the experiential learning module\'28s\'29\'2C including the assessment protocols\'2C have been well-articulated. The evaluator felt that the College should indicate the amount of time that will be dedicated to WIL as the assessment criteria for most of the modules show that WIL will be used in the assessments. The application suggests that students will be involved in individually developing a research proposal\'2C and thereafter conducting a research project\'2C collect and analyse the data\'2C then write a report and orally present the findings. Furthermore\'2C different farm enterprise evaluations will be conducted to assess their productivity and profitability\'2C and recommendations furnished to the farmers. \line \line The evaluator stated that the articulation possibilities for this programme have been well articulated vertically with the Bachelor of Agriculture Management Honours \'28Animal Science\'29\'2C Postgraduate Diploma in Animal Science\'2C and Bachelor of Science in Agriculture Honours \'28Animal Science\'29. It further articulates horizontally with the BSc Agric \'28Animal production\'29 and Bachelor of Agriculture degrees offered by universities in South Africa. \line \line The evaluator indicated that the documentation adequately outlines the recruitment strategies for potential students into the programme. The admission requirements for the programme aligns with legislative requirements and the College will also use RPL to accommodate those that may not have this and to balance the gender and age equity profile of the students. The procedures and criteria for implementing the appraisal of RPL submissions have also been provided in the application and are sound. The enrolment plan has been indicated for 2021 only\'2C which is the first year of offering. The application should state the plan for the next four to five years and indicate the basis for the projections. The evaluator also indicated that the College\'E2\'80\'99s policy framework articulates how the objective of widening access to higher education in this programme will be achieved. This includes admitting candidates from different groups of society\'3B giving preference to rural applicants\'3B admitting disabled students and adopting a specified ratio of male to female students. \line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme currently has six full-time staff and the level of academic qualifications and experience by these staff are appropriate for this level of training as they are all above the NQF level of the programme.  It is also indicated that approval from the council to appoint part-time lecturing staff is sought from the Department and that when such part-time staff is employed\'2C the staffing complement is even higher. The numbers of students targeted for enrolment into the programme gives a staff\'3A student ratio of 1\'3A25\'2C which is ideal. Furthermore\'2C the fact that the academic staff members are from different institutions of higher learning provides the required diversity. The integration of field visits and guest lectures by experts from the livestock industry\'2C will add to this diversity.  A maximum number of four modules per lecturer per semester has been presented. \line \line The evaluator also found that there is an adequate number of support staff at the college. The support staff hold the relevant knowledge\'2C expertise and experience in the discipline to be able to support the programme. The programme has already identified a programme coordinator and the responsibilities of this programme coordinator have been well articulated. The competences of the academic staff with regard to teaching\'2C assessment and research need to be continuously upgraded and enhanced. The institution provides skills development support workshops\'2C conferences and opportunities for further education and training to academic members of staff in their fields of specialisation. An arrangement with the University of Fort Hare \'28UFH\'29 has been cited as to enable the academics to complete a PGDip in teaching and learning. It is concluded that the academic and support staff complement is adequate in size and seniority for the programme and number of students to be enrolled. The ratio of full-time to part-time staff is appropriate.  The recruitment and employment of staff follow relevant legislation and appropriate administrative procedures\'2C including redress and equity considerations.  A policy of the institution to this effect has been included. \line \line The evaluator noted that teaching and learning in Diploma programmes is based more on hands-on\'2C practical sessions and research at the College farm. The mission is to produce quality graduates with adequate knowledge and skills to solve production problems faced by communities in the industry. The programme has discipline-focused courses with classroom knowledge reinforced by visits to technologically advanced commercial farms. Applied research projects focused on problems affecting farmers in the local communities will be implemented to achieve the community engagement mandate. The evaluator noted that the teaching and learning policy of the institution will benefit the programme as it stipulates appropriate methods that should be adhered to in ensuring effective facilitation\'2F delivery of lessons through the application of various learning technologies. Similarly\'2C the availability of a budget for the development of teaching materials and the well-articulated strategy for upgrading of staff teaching methods indicates that the institution recognises the importance of promoting student learning. The Advanced Diploma programme is characterised by few lectures\'2C and more emphasis would be on developing individual study and information gathering\'2C and processing competencies through problem-based assignments\'2C case studies and research projects. Group work will also be used to promote teamwork skills\'2C and cross-fertilisation of knowledge. The development of local context-based intervention strategies will also be promoted through real-life practical assignments. Reference materials through website links\'2C and assignments from real life problems of farmers would be used as teaching tools.  The proportion of time that will be allocated to research and WIL has\'2C however\'2C not been indicated. This must be done. \line \line Proper channels of communication between the coordinators and the staff \'28both academic and support\'29 are in place. The mechanisms to be used to monitor student progress have been outlined and will be done after every assessment through the student management information system \'28Student Manager\'29 by generating reports about student performance by assessment. This progress report will assist in identifying students that will require assistance or learning interventions. The programme impact is evaluated through a graduate placement database survey. It is also noted that the evaluation will involve students and external examiners. The evaluator observed that this is consistent with good practice in ensuring quality of the teaching and learning processes. Similarly\'2C the processes for identifying and supporting inactive and\'2For underperforming students are clearly indicated. In terms of student support\'2C currently students are offered tutorship programmes in challenging subjects\'2C such as Mathematics and basic scientific concepts. The evaluator was of the opinion that there is need for the institution to consider setting up formal student support structures in areas such as academic writing\'2C counselling\'2C peer mentoring and support for learners with disabilities\'2Fbarriers to learning.\line \line The evaluator found that the policy framework for assessment and moderation of the examination is in place. Both formative and summative assessments will be used in the programme. The summative assessment will be the final examination. For the research project\'2C a final report and oral presentation will constitute the summative examination. All the Advanced Diploma courses will be externally moderated. The external moderators will be appointed in this programme in terms of the assessment and moderation policy\'2C and they will conduct their responsibilities within the specified period in order to maintain the credibility and quality of the assessment. The evaluator noted that\'2C in order to secure the records of the assessment\'2C the College subscribed to the student information management system \'28Student Manager\'29 services\'2C where all the assessment results are securely recorded. The provision of feedback to students will adhere to the policy which stipulates that timely feedback should be provided to the students. The College also provides for an appeals process. Most of the academic staff have completed the Postgraduate Diploma in Higher Education and Training\'2C and the institute has organised short courses on assessment.\line \line The evaluator found that the College has adequate facilities to accommodate the envisaged enrolment of students. These include classrooms\'2F seminar rooms\'2C and lecture theatres. All the learning facilities are equipped with projectors and interactive whiteboards. There is a microbiology and nutrition laboratory. Additional equipment would be required for the aquaculture practical. The laboratory has first aid kits and\'2C during practical sessions at the farm\'2C protective clothing is used. The College has three dedicated computer labs to serve the needs of students - each lab consists of \'2B-30 computers with internet access. The library houses more than 5000 books\'2C journals and audio-visual material that are accessible to all library users for lending and provides Online Library Access to resources via the Student Manager System. There is access to photocopying\'3B Internet Access via WiFi\'3B a well-equipped Information Resource Centre\'3B 40 Individual Study cubicles and an open plan study area for 60 library users. \line \line The evaluator indicated that the College\'E2\'80\'99s information management system is sufficient. Effective administrative structures have been put in place to provide information and to manage the systems dealing with the programme. The necessary policies that would ensure the integrity of processes leading to the qualification obtained by the students are in place and have been provided. The information on the availability of adequate IT infrastructure \'28hardware and software\'29 in relation to staff and students is well articulated. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should be accredited with conditions.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i ADVANCED DIPLOMA IN AGRICULTURE \'28ANIMAL PRODUCTION\'29  \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 1\'29 The College should indicate the amount of time that will be dedicated to WIL or other learning activities such as research. \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1 \'26 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 2\'29 The College needs to submit an enrolment plan for the first five years of implementation to verify that it has the staff and capacity to effectively service the increasing student cohort.\line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Long-term\b0 \line 3\'29 The College should consider setting up formal student support structures in areas such as academic writing\'2C counselling\'2C peer mentoring and support for learners with disabilities\'2F barriers to learning.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}