{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 6th October 2020\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1224\'2FE001CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Novia One Group \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Advanced Certificate in Agile Leadership\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 102\'2C 11th Street\line Parkmore\line Sandton\line Gauteng\line 2169\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Novia One Group \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and does not have any programmes accredited by the CHE. However\'2C in the institutional profile\'2C the Institution claims to be an \'22Existing institution\'22.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for accreditation of the Advanced Certificate in Agile Leadership which will be offered in the distance mode of delivery at the Gauteng Main Campus. The proposed higher education site of delivery is situated at 102 11th Street\'2C Parkmore\'2C Sandton Gauteng. It should be noted that the Institution currently offers OQSF qualifications and learnerships at this site \'28https\'3A\'2F\'2Fnoviaone.com\'2F\'3B accessed 8 July 2020\'29.\line \line The following should also be noted\'3A\line i. On its website\'2C the Institution indicates\'3A \'22Novia One Group \'28Pty\'29 Ltd \'28incorporating Hedge Fund Academy\'29 is a training provider of foundational or basic courses aimed at newly employed graduates as well as specialist technical programmes to Financial Institutions and South African Regulators...\'22. Also\'3A \'22Starting under the name of Hedge Fund Academy \'28HFA\'29\'2C the company...has since grown tremendously to include various offerings surrounding business professional development\'22.\line ii. The Hedge Fund Academy submitted the following applications for programme accreditation during 2017\'3A\line - Advanced Certificate in Financial Markets\line - Higher Certificate in Financial Services\line - Advanced Diploma in Financial Markets\line - Advanced Certificate in Corporate Leadership.\line \line The above-mentioned programmes were not accredited. The representations were tabled at HEQC meetings in 2018 and 2019\'2C following which the programmes were not accredited.\line \line This is the first application from the Institution.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The programme is in line with the mission of the Institution. The Institution\'E2\'80\'99s mission statement supports the vision\'2C i.e. \'E2\'80\'9Cto promote experiential academic excellence\'2C innovation\'2C and thought leadership based on our innovative teaching methods to make a meaningful difference in the world\'2C transforming societies through education and learning. Bringing the future to now.\'E2\'80\'9D Offerings have historically been occupational in nature \'28NQF levels 5\'2C 6 and 7\'29. The Institution wants to provide an integrated learning pathway and develop the cognitive and practical skill sets of students to enhance their employability. The Institution provided a relevant and substantial rationale for this programme\'2C considering the envisaged student intake and stakeholder needs. The programme was developed in response to a need identified in consultation with various business industries and based on a \'E2\'80\'98gap\'E2\'80\'99 identified in suitable higher education programmes. The programme is vocational \'2F industry-oriented in nature\'2C thus fitting the purpose and characteristics of an Advanced Certificate. The programme comprises compulsory and elective modules. The compulsory modules comprise 100 credits. Students may choose two elective modules\'2C depending on their own field of interest\'2C to the value of 20 credits\'2C to form a total of 120 credits. For articulation\'2C the Institution has not provided specific accredited and registered higher education programmes as options. For the learning activities for this distance learning programme\'2C the Institution has indicated 16\'25 lectures and 14\'25 workplace experience. However\'2C there is no WIL module in the programme. WIL has also not been indicated as part of the programme in the submission. Some of the outcomes in the module outlines provided\'2C have active verbs that do not support the level of difficulty required for a programme at this level. The module outcomes have to be revised. One programme outcome\'2C \'22Distinguish between agile leadership and traditional leadership\'22\'2C is not in line with the level of difficulty for a Level 6 programme. This has to be replaced\'2Freformulated.\line \line The recruitment and marketing strategy for the programme was completed in consultation with several industry representatives. The programme will be marketed through the normal channels of the Institution\'2C which is Business to Business \'28B2B\'29\'2C as well as on the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s website and other marketing material. Admission requirements include a recognised NQF Level 5 qualification in management \'2F leadership or an equivalent qualification. The qualification is also suitable for any graduate with a Diploma or Degree looking to develop skills in this area. Admission via RPL is possible as stated in the RPL Policy. In terms of further selection criteria\'2C students need to be literate in English congruent with English as the language of instruction. They also need access to a computer and the internet as the programme is offered online. The Institution assists students who need to gain internet access. If this programme is accredited in 2021 \'2F 2022\'2C the enrolment plan is as follows\'3A 1000 students in 2023\'2C 2000 students in 2024 and 3000 students in 2025. These numbers are excessive and the Institution has to clarify them. The budget is based on these figures. Widening access to this programme is enhanced in that working adults\'2C who may not have had the opportunity to attend university on a full-time basis\'2C are offered the opportunity to enrol for the programme in a flexible manner \'28distance learning\'29 with high support. The programme should open the doors of learning to previously marginalised students. \line \line Full details of all academic staff who will be teaching on the programme have been provided. Their full CVs are also provided. All proposed staff hold qualifications at Master\'27s or PhD level. Their tertiary teaching experience ranges from one year to 16 years. There is a Programme Coordinator who has the requisite qualifications and experience to manage the programme. The Institution has provided a list of staff consisting of five staff members\'2C with one being the programme coordinator. This is not sufficient for a first intake of a 1000 students and thousands more in subsequent years. The staff\'3Astudent ratios have to be addressed.The Institution provides opportunities for academic staff to enhance their competences and support their professional growth and development. \line \line The expertise of staff members is gained through studying literature\'2C reflection on teaching\'2C and research. This is built through training in a blended mode in workshops\'2C webinars\'2C and reading packs. More detail is requested on the content of training\'2C training topics and whether part-time and full-time staff receive the same development opportunities. The workload allocation model has been explained adequately\'2C considering the number of academic staff attached to the programme and envisaged student enrolment. Support workshops for students are offered either in a classroom setting or virtually via the e-learning platform. The Institution has indicated that the administrative and support staff are allocated work on a project basis\'2C otherwise known as cohort basis. Each project is managed on project management principles to ensure the smooth running of administrative and support processes. However\'2C the administrative and support staff have not been listed.\line \line The teaching and learning strategy is one that caters for working adults \'28distance learning with high support\'29. The teaching and learning followed by the Institution is informed by its understanding of the adult student in a distance learning context\'2C supported by workshops. The key focus is on enhancing independent learning\'2C critical thinking skills and creative problem-solving skills through a well-supported mediated learning journey which\'2C in turn\'2C is aimed at enhancing professional success as evidenced in results. Academic support is rendered by the facilitators\'2C programme manager and academic manager. Students can approach the facilitators in class for assistance. The students will complete feedback forms after the support workshops. In these evaluations\'2C they evaluate the teaching that took place\'2C module content\'2C and provide feedback on the assessments completed. The feedback is consolidated by the administration and assessment team. The programme is designed for an e-learning platform and various instructional design tools for e-learning are included in the design of the programme. YouTube videos are used to bring real-world experience into the learning experience and application-based exercises or group interaction activities are designed around them for experiential learning purposes and application of knowledge. E-learning platforms and tools are an effective way to deliver training in a distance learning environment as it is interactive and students are always able to access the material online as many times as they want to\'2C whenever and wherever they are. Support workshops are offered on every module\'2C syndicate groups are formed and students and facilitators are able to communicate with each other via the Learning Management System. However\'2C the Institution has not provided a distance delivery model for the programme\'2C and its respective modules\'2C indicating the number\'2C type and frequency of online interaction and communication. It is unclear who will moderate the online activities as the list of staff is not adequate for small groups of students for online tutoring.\line \line To ensure constructive alignment of assessment tasks\'2Fmethods with both the learning outcomes and the learning activities\'2Fmethods\'2C a variety of appropriate assessment tasks are included in the assessment design. Assessment tasks are carefully chosen to support the achievement of the intended learning outcomes\'2C and feedback forms an integral part of the assessment design. Work-Integrated Learning is assessed throughout the programme by means of assignments. These assignments encourage the application of standard methods\'2C procedures and techniques to solve defined\'2C routine and new problems within a familiar context. It also provides students with the opportunity to demonstrate their understanding of the core concepts and principles related to the subject matter and the impact of their chosen problem-solving strategies. Students will be required to submit two formative assessments. Students will be required to submit one summative assessment. The summative assessment is in the form of an application-based assessment. It consists of various short and long questions that will require the student to apply their knowledge within a work related or similar context. Some questions will also test knowledge and understanding\'2C but the main purpose is to assess applied competence. The assessment will be assessed via an assessment rubric. The Institution did not include any instance of invigilated assessment to ensure the authentication of student work. This has to be clarified as summative assignments do not allow for authentication. The first formative assessment is instant feedback via the LMS. The second formative assessment will be assessed by the assessor via an assessment rubric which allows the student to see to what extent their work met the required outcomes \'28demonstration of competence\'29. The development of assessors and moderators form part of the comprehensive development plan of the academic staff of the Institution\'2C and the development plan includes an assessment workshop at which various theories and practices related to assessment will be covered.\line \line With regard to resources\'2C the Institution has indicated that the primary channel of delivery is the LMS. As such\'2C there are no dedicated classrooms specifically for this programme. The Institution indicates\'2C however\'2C that there it has classroom facilities that are adequate for the support workshops that students may require\'2C as well as sufficient space for students to work should they have the need to work on campus. Since the teaching and learning activities table refer to contact classes and tutoring workshops\'2C the Institution has to clarify how the contact classes and tutoring will be conducted countrywide and the facilities where staff and tutors are to conduct these interactions. These interactions have not been included in the teaching model. The Institution has indicated that there may be agreements in place with employers but does not indicate the range of accessibility required to deliver the programme countrywide via a distance. Students will be provided access to an online eBook platform \'28VitalSource\'29 that will contain both national and international eBooks relevant to the programme. Students will also have access to EBSCO that will enable them to explore academic content for research purposes. The OHS certificates of tutoring facilities have to be provided.\line \line MATRIX is the online LMS system. The platform is user-friendly and compatible with smartphones\'2C tablets\'2C laptops\'2C and desktops. The platform is cloud-based and all information is\'2C therefore\'2C backed up. Data fields comply with fields required for NLRD and certification purposes. The following fields of information are available\'3A birth names and surname\'3B preferred name\'3B grnder\'3B Race\'3B nationality\'3B ID \'2F passport\'3B physical address\'3B postal address\'3B disability\'3B highest qualification\'2C and home language. The system also caters for the capturing of qualification \'2F programme details with all modules linked to each. Results may be captured for formative and summative assessments. The weighting of each assessment is programmed into the system which automatically calculates the final result. Cohorts are registered in a staggered approach and reports are drawn for each cohort separately. Reports include pass rates after completion of each module\'2C overall pass rate and throughput rate of the cohort after completion of the entire programme.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should not be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Advanced Certificate in Agile Leadership \'28120 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1.1 For articulation\'2C the Institution has not provided specific accredited and registered higher education programmes as options. \line \line 1.2 For the learning activities for this distance learning programme\'2C the Institution has indicated 14\'25 workplace experience. However\'2C there is no WIL module in the programme. \line \line 1.3 Some of the outcomes in the module outlines have active verbs that do not support the level of difficulty required for a programme at this level. \line \line 1.4 One programme outcome\'2C \'22Distinguish between agile leadership and traditional leadership\'22\'2C is not in line with the level of difficulty for a Level 6 programme. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The Institution has indicated the enrolment plan as follows\'3A 1000 students in 2023\'2C 2000 students in 2024 and 3000 students in 2025. These numbers are excessive for a first time higher education provider. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3.1 More detail is requested on the content of training\'2C training topics and whether part-time and full-time staff receive the same development opportunities.\line \line 3.2 The Institution has provided a list of staff consisting of five staff members\'2C with one being the programme coordinator. This is not sufficient for a first intake of a 1000 students \'28and thousands more\'29 in subsequent years. The staff\'3Astudent ratios have to be addressed.\line \line 3.3 The Institution has not indicated that a student counsellor will be appointed \'2F contracted for the intended number of students.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3 \'26 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4.1 The Institution did not include any instance of invigilated assessment to ensure authentication of student work. This has to be clarified as summative assignments do not allow for authentication.\line \line 4.2 The Institution has indicated that there may be agreements in place with employers. This does not indicate the range of accessibility required to deliver the programme countrywide via a distance. \line \line 4.3 The Institution did not clarify how the contact classes and tutoring will be conducted countrywide and where the facilities\'2C staff and tutors are to conduct these interactions. These interactions have not been included in the teaching model.\line \line 4.4 The Institution has not provided a distance delivery model for the programme\'2C indicating the number\'2C type and frequency of online interaction and communication. It is not clear if participation is compulsory and what the purpose of each instance will be. \line \line 4.5 It is unclear who will moderate the online activities as the list of staff is not adequate for acceptable small groups of students for tutoring online.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 5 \'26 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5.1 The Institution has not indicated whether there will be a librarian available to assist students.\line \line 5.2 The OHS certificates of tutoring facilities have to be provided.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}