{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 1st January 1970\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH01\'2FE148CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Cape Peninsula University of Technology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Advanced Diploma in Adult and Community Education and Training Teaching \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 126\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Mowbray campus\line Highbury Road\line Mowbray\line Cape Town\line 8000\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Cape Peninsula University of Technology is a public higher education institution that has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for accreditation of the Advanced Diploma in Adult and Community Education and Training Teaching which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at the Mowbray campus in Cape Town.\line \line CPUT may offer the following accredited programmes\'3A\line - Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching\line - Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Further Education and Training Teaching\line - Bachelor of Education Honours in Teaching and Learning\line - Bachelor of Education Honours in Educational Management and Leadership\line - Bachelor of Education in Foundation Phase Teaching\line - Bachelor of Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching\line - Bachelor of Education in Intermediate Phase Teaching\line - Postgraduate Diploma in Higher Education in Teaching and Learning\line - Postgraduate Diploma in Education in Teaching and Learning\line - Postgraduate Diploma in Educational Management and Leadership\line - Master of Education\line - Doctor of Education.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator found that Criterion 2 and 6 are in need of improvement and recommended that the programme should be accredited with conditions. \line The Adv Dip Adult and Community Education and Training Teaching programme is congruous with the university\'E2\'80\'99s vision\'2C mission and goals and it forms part of the academic planning of the university. The PQM clearance for this qualification was grant by DHET. The evaluator stated that\'2C drawing from the details submitted in this complete application as well as uploaded documents including the budget in the application\'2C it is evident that the institution has made the necessary provision in the institution\'E2\'80\'99s planning and resource allocation for the offering of this programme. The Advanced Diploma in Adult and Community Education and Training Teaching is a new qualification\'2C which is designed to respond to the MRTEQ and the policy for educators and lecturers in adult and community education and training. The programme will develop ACET college lecturers who can demonstrate both general principles\'2C knowledge and skills appropriate to the sector\'2C simultaneously providing depth of specialisation of practical skills and experience. The Adv Dip \'28Adult and Community Education and Training Teaching\'29 aims to improve current teaching\'2C learning and assessment practices through the personal and professional development of prospective adult and community education and training college lecturers. This entails developing ACET college lecturers who can continuously reflect and improve teaching practice within the context of adult and community education and training. The evaluator indicated that the Learning outcomes\'2C degree of curriculum choice\'2C teaching and learning methods\'2C modes of delivery are relevant and adequate\'2C and the competences expected of students who successfully complete the programme are made explicit.  This qualification will be offered full time over a period of one year and part-time over a period of 2 years. The qualification is underpinned by an appropriate knowledge mix of five general areas that prospective ACET college lecturers must acquire to be successful with their teaching. The evaluator also noted that the design of the programme resonates with its primary purpose of providing an initial professional ACET lecturer qualification by strengthening an existing specialization in a subject and to deepen a new role or practice\'2C and has the potential to produce competent and professionally qualified ACET community college lecturers. The set of modules on offer that must be passed in order to qualify for the ADE including the rules of combinations are explicitly described. The evaluator asserts that a relevant set of teaching and learning methods will be employed via the contact mode delivery of the programme. The percentage of learning time appropriated for Wil resonates with the credit weighting allocated to WIL. Furthermore\'2C the teaching practice and WIL related to the workplace element of this programme provides students with the opportunity to gain first-hand experience of what is currently expected in the field of ACET education - including roles\'2C skills and attitudes required to be an effective ACET college lecturer.  The Adv Dip \'28Adult and Community Education and Training Teaching\'29 has been benchmarked with other ACET qualifications on the proposed qualifications framework.  The Adv Dip \'28Adult and Community Education and Training Teaching\'29 qualification enables articulation into other cognate qualifications. The successful completion of the Adv Dip \'28Adult and Community Education and Training Teaching\'29 will allow access into a Postgraduate Diploma in Education or B Ed Honours\'2C both 120C at NQF Level 8. \line The evaluator noted that\'2C although advertising and promotional material were not submitted in this application as the institution is still awaiting accreditation of this programme\'2C all other documentation uploaded on the system does contain accurate and sufficient information about the programme with regard to admission policies\'2C completion requirements and academic standards. The evaluator indicated that the admission requirements adhere to current legislation\'2C and are in are in line with the degree of complexity of learning required in the programme\'2C within the context of widening access and promoting equity. The evaluator also noted that the Institution and faculty are constantly seeking opportunities to widen access to prospective students in terms of the current institutional policies.  Participation in the programme is simplified by the LMS system\'2C which allows students to access learning content off campus\'2C the institution\'E2\'80\'99s support programmes\'2C the access students have to mentoring programmes\'2C tutor programmes\'2C the teaching assistant system\'2C and a well-established open-door policy by staff. The programme widens access for students to enter into a Bachelor of Education Honours Degree or a Postgraduate Diploma in Education. The programme also creates an opportunity for graduates to upgrade and further their qualifications and creates opportunities for research. It is noted that the institution stipulates that access to the programme cannot be obtained via RPL. The evaluator felt that the institution should review its position on RPL after considering the prescriptions of the Credit Accumulation Transfer \'28CAT\'29 Policy \'28CHE\'2C 2016\'29. The projected enrolment figures for the Adv Dip \'28Adult and Community Education and Training Teaching\'29 for 2022\'2C and annually thereafter\'2C is 40 students. The evaluator found the number of students is within a reasonable and supportive range.\line The evaluator remarked that the programme uses the faculty\'E2\'80\'99s teaching and learning plan\'2C which is aligned to institution\'E2\'80\'99s teaching and learning policy. As the programme produces educators\'2C and reflective education practitioners\'2C the institution claims that it invoke and applies wide range of teaching and learning theories\'2C approaches\'2C methods and techniques\'2C and applies the principle that education students are not merely learners\'2C but teachers in the making.  The evaluator also noted that the institution advances a gradual and continuous transition from low teaching technology to e-learning\'2C the use of interactive technologies and the LMS. LMS training is offered in the Faculty and is available at the institutional development sessions as well. The evaluator found that the teaching methods\'2C mode of delivery and the material development corresponds with the delivery of the programme on a one year full-time or two year part-time basis. Six weeks WIL will be conducted at a learning centre of a community college in the Western Cape and two weeks at a workplace aligned with a student\'E2\'80\'99s area of specialisation and approved by the institution\'E2\'80\'99s Centre for Community Engagement and Work integrated Learning as a WIL partner. Learning sessions include a wide variety of teaching methods\'2C interactive group work in different forms\'2C case studies\'2C tutorials\'2C extra learning sessions\'2C supervised work-based learning\'2C digital storytelling and a certain limited amount of independent self-study of texts and prepared material with the aid of study guides. The evaluator also indicated that the necessary and appropriate academic support programmes or assistance are provided to students on the programme. The faculty is committed to provide academic support through formal training sessions\'2C formal and informal appointments with academics\'2C tutors and teaching assistants and the availability of academics on campus and via\'2C as well as dedicated consultation times and an open door policy. All students will have access to the mentoring programmes\'2C tutor programmes aimed at specific subject tutoring and support\'2C and also the teaching assistant programmes which make assistants available to support students around subject problems.  A set of relevant mechanisms are in place to monitor student progress\'2C evaluate programme impact and effect improvement. Staff within the department are kept up to date with activities within the department. The faculty and institution monitor student progress on a continuous basis by viewing average performance figures\'2C pass rates\'2C subjects at risk and students at risk. \line The evaluator found that the assessment policy and practices at the institution promote constructive alignment of the curriculum\'2C student centred learning and assessment\'2C and the importance of feedback to enhance student engagement. Assessment practices are affirmed to be fair\'2C reliable and valid. The programme complies with the institutional and the faculty assessment policy and the institutional and faculty policy and procedures on internal and external moderation. Assessment on the programme is based on the institution\'E2\'80\'99s system of continuous assessment which combine formative assessment with summative assessments. Formative assessment is aimed at enhancing student learning and provides students with an opportunity to reflect critically on their own learning and to improve their own levels of personal accountability and time management. Formative assessment usually consists of a variety of assessment tasks relevant to the field of study.  Summative assessment will take place at the end of a section of work\'2Fquarter or semester and is aimed at assessing students\'E2\'80\'99 attainment against the learning outcomes of the programme and subject\'28s\'29. Summative assessments are internally and externally moderated based on institutional policy and requirements.  Integrated assessment cuts across a number of subjects\'2Fmodules of a programme and is aimed at the holistic development of students and contributes to students\'E2\'80\'99 personal and professional development in the field of study in terms of foundational\'2C practical and reflexive competence. Internal and external moderation is conducted in of all the subjects. External moderators tend to be\'2C but are not limited to\'2C subject matter experts from other local universities. The assessment of WIL\'2C both WIL in the context of work and teaching practice\'2C is done at learning centres of community colleges and in appropriate workplaces. WIL is supervised by workplace mentors\'2C lecturers and moderators\'2C who collaborate in the development of final marks. The evaluator indicated that feedback is designed to enhance student learning and achieve the intended learning outcomes. Students receive ongoing formal and informal feedback on their work \'28both assessed and non-assessed\'29 through a continuous process of conversation and reflection throughout each subject. The evaluator noted that CPUT had not explain or described its policies and procedures with respect to the recording of assessment results\'2C settling of student disputes\'2C and plagiarism that are integral to upholding quality assessment. These have been reviewed and found appropriate in other programmes submitted in the past.\line The Directorate recommends that the programme should be accredited.\line \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Advanced Diploma in Adult and Community Education and Training Teaching  \'28126 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 1. Although the institution has a properly constituted RPL policy\'2C it seems not be invoked and applied to this programme within the context of widening access to education as no students is admitted to this programme via RPL. In addition\'2C credit accumulation transfer \'28CAT\'29 Policy \'28CHE. 2016\'29 is not considered and given due consideration in this programme. Hence\'2C the institution is requested to motivate their position on RPL as a possible admission route to Adv Dip Adult and Community Education and Training Teaching programme as well as the use of the CAT policy in this programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2 \'26 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}