{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR182\'2FE005CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql St John Vianney Seminary\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Philosophy\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql St John Vianney Seminary NPC\line 179 Main Street \line Waterkloof\line 0181\line Pretoria\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line Application background\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The programme is in line with the mission of the institution. The programme focusses on the \'E2\'80\'98development of individuals equipped with knowledge\'2C habits and skills that enable them to fully assimilate personal\'2C communal\'2C intellectual and moral values necessary for personal growth and meaningful contribution to the society of South Africa and the whole world\'E2\'80\'99. The rationale informing the programme  design is that philosophy can play an important role in fostering and promoting tolerance\'2C mutual understanding and peaceful coexistence in South Africa leading to social restoration and transformation. The programme consist of 14 modules on Level 5\'2C 12 modules at Level 6 and 12 modules at Level 7. The institution has to remove the Research Module at Level 5. This can be replaced by a module in Academic Writing. The programme\'2C by its design is not simply about Philosophy\'2C but also has a strong focus on Science and Religion\'2C Spirituality and Liturgy. The programme contains Latin\'2C English\'2C African History\'2C Science and Religion and Psychology. Since the institution is already offering a Bachelor of Theology\'2C the institution must redevelop the programme with a stronger focus on Philosophy only. \line \line Advertising employs ecclesiastical newspapers\'2C posters and pamphlets\'2C events\'2C and direct marketing e\'C2\'ACmails for marketing purposes. National entrance qualifications are required and selection criteria are implemented\'3A National Senior Certificate \'28NSC\'29 granting access to Degree studies or National Certificate Vocational \'28NCV\'29 at NQF Level 4\'2C granting access to Degree studies\'2C or a foreign qualification that is equivalent to the NSC as determined by SAQA. All who meet the criteria are admitted although the institution reserves right of admission. The projected intake for the programme increases from 40-60 learners over a five year period. It aims to provide greater access to education especially for those from a disadvantaged context. A maximum of 10\'25 of learners are admitted through Recognition of Prior Learning \'28RPL\'29. A policy and procedures for admission by RPL are in place. Admission and RPL policies are in place. The admission policy includes conditions for both local and international students.\line \line The programme will be delivered by 18 full-time and 12 part-time members of staff\'2C some of whom are appropriately qualified and experienced. The institution has to clarify the qualifications of staff members with unfamiliar qualifications to the South African system\'2C such as Licentiates\'2C and STB\'2C STL and STD. One staff member has a Doctorate in Computer Science\'2C but it states that the qualification was obtained in Philosophy. Nine have research experience and three have experience in the supervision of higher degrees. There is a full-time programme coordinator.\line The institution has a comprehensive teaching and learning policy. The institution offers its academic staff members a variety of opportunities to develop as academics in general and grow in their own specific areas of expertise. In addition\'2C a number of in-house workshops are offered. The teaching and learning policy clearly supports this approach and suggests that educators should preferably hold a higher education teaching qualification. A staff development policy and Work Skills Plan are in place. The institution\'E2\'80\'99s recruitment\'2C selection\'2C appointment and induction policy and procedures provide guidelines for a recruitment process that promotes Employment Equity and conforms to Labour legislation. Candidates are screened according to the qualifications and competencies required for the position. As per the policy for lecturing staff one should have a higher qualification than the programmes being offered. The institution does not consider religion\'2C national origin\'2C political affiliation\'2C disability\'2C gender or age\'2C history or marital status to be barriers to appointment of teaching staff. The workload is based on lecturing 4-6 sessions per week taking lecturer experience into account and combination of subject fields. Invigilation and marking of Summative Assessment fall outside of the lecturing timetable cycle. \line \line The following methods are used by the lecturers\'3A PowerPoint presentations\'2C role play\'2C simulation\'2C the flipped classroom and case studies. The institution supports an inquiry-based learning\'2C which is representation-construction approach. This approach involves challenging students to generate and negotiate the representations \'28text\'2C graphs\'2C models\'2C diagrams\'29 that constitute the discursive practices of science\'2C rather than focusing on the text-based\'2C definitional versions of concepts. The representation construction approach is based on sequences of representational challenges that involve students constructing representations to actively explore and make claims about phenomena. There are sufficient academic support programmes in place. At the end of each module students are required to complete module and lecturer evaluations and indicate areas for improvements. These evaluations are send to the Academic Dean for analysis and then to the Academic Committee where subject matter experts sit and analyse the evaluations. A report is compiled and areas of improvements are addressed. A student gets a report every semester which show modules completed for a specific year. On registration modules are checked and if modules are not completed the student is not allowed to enrol for the next level. The institution has an at risk student identification process where the Lecturer identifies underperforming students and brings the names to the attention of the Student Support Committee. The committee then decides on the type of support to be given such as extra one on one sessions between the lecturer and the student or arranged tutorials etc.\line \line In terms of assessment\'2C each programme and module description contains a statement of the overall purpose and learning goals and outcomes for the programme and module\'2C and the assessment of students is clearly related to the overall purpose and learning goals. In each module\'2C at least 40\'25 of the Final Mark is for formatively assessed module work and 60\'25 for final Summative Assessment\'2C which may be a written examination or an examination equivalent assignment. Diverse assessment methods are used to ensure that the full range of learning goals has been appropriately assessed and that it can\'2C with confidence\'2C be stated that the student has or has not achieved the overall purpose of the module. Part of the internal and external moderation of a module is a consideration of the validity of the assessment in terms of the overall purpose and learning goals. The institution regards moderation as a process during which the reliability\'2C correctness and validity of the assessment process \'28examination and marking processes\'2C and the results of a module\'29 are checked and validated. Assessments received from students are graded and feedback is provided to students on an individual basis\'2C through comprehensive and constructive comments. Whenever appropriate\'2C feedback is provided during contact sessions to the class by discussion of the marking schedule and the principles and expected outcomes of the assessment task. Notes on such discussions are provided to all students. An appeal alleging an unfair assessment process can be lodged in writing through the Academic Dean within five working days of that assessment being undertaken. The result of the appeal will be given to the student within five working days.\line \line The infrastructure facilities at the institution are extensive including seven lecture halls\'2C a library\'2C chapel\'2C consultation rooms\'2C sports facilities\'2C 3 seminary vehicles\'2C recreation room\'2C lounges and individual rooms \'28the seminary is largely residential\'29. With regard to IT\'2C the seminary is wifi enabled. Staff are provided with laptop computers and students use their own computers\'2C although student computers are available in the library. The library is equipped with all relevant material and is accessible during weekday working hours. There is a full time trained librarian.  The seminary maintains an asset register which is updated regularly. The institution is currently developing a student portal to enhance its IT operation. The staff has been briefed on the programme\'2C and\'2C once it is in place\'2C special training will ensue for both students and staff.\line \line Information concerning the academic profile of each student is accessed only by designated authorities\'2C through intricate security-measured codes. At the moment\'2C the institution distributes hard copies of students\'E2\'80\'99 results and transcripts. However\'2C the student portal that will allow students direct access to their academic profile is in the process. With regard to the integrity of the certification system\'2C the password is limited to the user\'2C and is not passed to anyone else. The printing of certificates is outsourced to a special company which\'2C under the seal of confidentiality\'2C is bound to print certificate according to the specified security features outlined in the certification policy. Each certificate has a unique sequential number to minimise the opportunity for\'2C and increase the detection of\'2C fraudulent certificates\'2C as per the policy on academic certification.\line \line The Directorate is of the view that a site visit be conducted to verify the information provided\'2C the facilities\'2C the teaching and support practices and the administration and certification system.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Philosophy \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line A site visit needs to be conducted to verify the information provided\'2C the facilities\'2C the teaching and support practices and the administration and certification system.\line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1 - 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line The institution has to clarify the qualifications of staff members with unfamiliar qualifications to the South African system\'2C such as Licentiates\'2C foreign Diplomas\'2C and STB\'2C STL and STD. The institution has to verify that all qualifications are one level up.\line \line One staff member has a Doctorate in Computer Science\'2C but it states that the qualification was obtained in Philosophy. Nine have research experience and three have experience in the supervision of higher degrees. This staff member has to be replaced.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3 \'26 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line The institution has to remove the Research Module at Level 5. This can be replaced by a module in Academic Writing.\line \line The programme\'2C by its design is not simply about Philosophy\'2C but also has a strong focus on Science and Religion\'2C Spirituality and Liturgy. The institution must restructure the programme with a stronger focus on Philosophy as the institution is already offering a Bachelor of Theology.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}