{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH10\'2FE084CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Nelson Mandela University\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Master of Arts in Clinical Psychology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 9\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 180\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 270\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 2 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Nelson Mandela University - South Campus\line University Way\line Summerstrand\line Port Elizabeth\line \line Nelson Mandela University - Missionvale Campus\line Uitenhage Road\line Missionvale\line Port Elizabeth\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Nelson Mandela University \'28NMU\'29 is a public higher education Institution whose programmes have been accredited by the CHE and registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training.\line \line The Institution applied for the accreditation of a Master of Arts in Clinical Psychology programme which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 13 \'E2\'80\'9314 September 2016 and the HEQC meeting held on the 06th December 2016.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line \line 1. The design of the programme does not distinguish between the MA Clinical Psychology and MA Counselling Psychology programmes. E.g. psychiatry for clinical psychology has not been considered. It is especially concerning that the reading material for the two programmes is exactly identical. The two programmes should be stand-alone programmes each with their own identity and focus.\line 2. Module descriptors are incomplete. In addition to describing the teaching methods\'2C modes of delivery and assessments\'2C there should also be a description-of the learning outcomes and the knowledge\'2F content.\line 3. Each of the modules in year one that have both a theory and practical component should indicate the relative weightings of theory and practice and how the weighting of the practice components contribute to WIL.\line 4. There is no clear indication of how recruitment will be done specifically for this programme and seeing that recruitment will be vital in addressing transformation\'2C it needs more attention.\line 5. The programme should have HPCSA approval\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The Nelson Mandela University \'28NMU\'29 is a public higher education Institution whose programmes have been accredited by the CHE and registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training.\line \line The Institution applied for the accreditation of a Master of Arts in Clinical Psychology programme which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 13 \'E2\'80\'9314 September 2016 and the HEQC meeting held on the 06th December 2016.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. The design of the programme does not distinguish between the MA Clinical Psychology and MA Counselling Psychology programmes. E.g. psychiatry for clinical psychology has not been considered. It is especially concerning that the reading material for the two programmes is exactly identical. The two programmes should be stand-alone programmes each with their own identity and focus.\line 2. Module descriptors are incomplete. In addition to describing the teaching methods\'2C modes of delivery and assessments\'2C there should also be a description-of the learning outcomes and the knowledge\'2F content.\line 3. Each of the modules in year one that have both a theory and practical component should indicate the relative weightings of theory and practice and how the weighting of the practice components contribute to WIL.\line 4. There is no clear indication of how recruitment will be done specifically for this programme and seeing that recruitment will be vital in addressing transformation\'2C it needs more attention.\line 5. The programme should have HPCSA approval\line \line \line Reason 1\'3A\line a\'29 The design of the programme does not distinguish between the MA Clinical Psychology and MA Counselling Psychology programmes. E.g. psychiatry for clinical psychology has not been considered.\line b\'29 It is especially concerning that the reading material for the two programmes is exactly identical. The two programmes should be stand-alone programmes each with their own identity and focus.\line \line The purpose statement of the MA \'28Clinical Psychology\'29 has been revisited. Consultation with similar programmes nationally and internationally and re-examination of the HPCSA scope of practice document has guided the reconceptualization of the programme to be more in line with the scope of clinical psychology. The evaluator indicated that the institution addressed this concern adequately. A clear purpose statement is provided in Addendum 1 of the application. This new purpose statement aligns with the HPCSA requirements for the training of clinical psychologists.    \line \line In terms of Reason 1\'28b\'29\'2C the evaluator confirmed that the reading lists have been reviewed and updated to align with the field of study \'28Clinical Psychology\'29. This concern has been addressed adequately.\line \line The programme meets minimum requirements for Criterion 1 \'28Programme Design\'29.\line \line Reason 2\'3A\line Module descriptors are incomplete. In addition to describing the teaching methods\'2C modes of delivery and assessments\'2C there should also be a description-of the learning outcomes and the knowledge\'2F content.\line \line The institution explained that all module outlines have been revisited with expert guidance from the Centre for teaching Learning and Media \'28CTLM\'29 at the NMU. Purpose statements have been aligned to learning outcomes and module descriptors have been brought into line with designated NQF levels and Blooms taxonomy. Core content has been more specifically aligned to specified learning outcomes. Teaching methods have been refined and assessment revisited.\line \line The evaluator confirmed that the module outlines was revised and provides detailed purpose statements\'2C learning outcomes\'2C content and teaching methods. The learning outcomes for the modules are clearly articulated and align with the core content. A wide variety of the teaching methods are stated for each module. The teaching methods are appropriate for the type of learning.\line \line The institution addressed this reason for non-accreditation and the programme meets minimum requirements for criterion 1.\line \line Reason 3\'3A\line Each of the modules in year one that have both a theory and practical component should indicate the relative weightings of theory and practice and how the weighting of the practice components contribute to WIL.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the module \'E2\'80\'9CWork integrated learning for Clinical Psychology\'E2\'80\'9D provides a clear description of the distribution of practicum activities in the programme across the various modules and in the internship. The time spent on practical training meets the requirements of the HPCSA in terms of comprising a substantial component practicum. The sites and contexts where the practicum will be conducted are appropriate for the discipline.  \line \line The institution addressed the concern and the programme meets minimum requirements.\line \line Reason 4\'3A\line There is no clear indication of how recruitment will be done specifically for this programme and seeing that recruitment will be vital in addressing transformation\'2C it needs more attention.\line \line The institution explained that Issues of diversity and equity are a significant focus in the mission and vision statements of both the NMU in general and in the department specifically as indicated by the NMU Policy on Equity. This information was insufficiently provided in the original documentation and is now expanded and defined.\line \line The evaluator confirmed that the institution provided sufficient evidence to demonstrate the institution\'E2\'80\'99s commitment to transformation. The programme meets minimum requirements.\line \line \line Reason 5\'3A\line The programme should have HPCSA approval.\line \line The evaluator confirmed that in the institution received a letter from HPCSA confirming a panel inspection for the programme accepting the programme Master of Arts in Clinical Psychology \'2862100\'29 dated November 2016. This provides sufficient evidence that the programme has HPCSA approval and the programme meets minimum requirements.\line \line Recommendation\'3A\line The evaluator indicated that the institution addressed all the reasons for non-accreditation in the representation. It is recommended that the programme is accredited.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Master of Arts in Clinical Psychology \'28270 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}