{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 6th October 2020\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR119\'2FE069CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Damelin \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Project Management\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Damelin - Menlyn\line 138 Palala Road\line Menlo Park\line Menlyn\line \line Damelin Overport\line 92 Overport Drive \line Durban\line 4000\line \line \line Damelin - Cape Town City\line 8 Darling Street\line Cape Town\line 8000\line \line Damelin Durban City\line 325 Anton Lembede Street\line Durban\line 4000\line \line Damelin Randburg\line Cnr Malibongwe Drive and Republic Road\'2C Randburg\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line Damelin \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution and has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution applied for accreditation of the Higher Certificate in Project Management which was tabled at the HEQC meeting held on the 13th of February 2020.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. The Institution has not provided an explanation as to how the programme purpose will be achieved as only 15 credits are dedicated to Project Management which is the qualifier in the programme.\line 2. While there is a WIL component of 15 credits there is very little detail provided on the management of WIL and the integration of this component in the curriculum of the programme focused on Project Management. \line 3. The Institution has not explained how students with low numeracy or with no background in Finance will be able to manage this programme given the Accounting and Statistics modules in the programme. \line 4. The statement in the submission that both formative and summative assessment is conducted by the respective institutions as outlined in the Assessment Policy has not been clarified as well as the management of assessments at the different sites of delivery. \line 5. The Institution has not provided an explanation of how it intends to implement assessment and teaching and learning ensuring equivalence of provisioning across all campuses as the programme is proposed for offering on multiple campuses.\line 6. The Institution has not clarified the four \'284\'29 different types of assessments mentioned and whether formative assessment marks count towards the summative total\'3B including the number of assessments to be completed to calculate the semester marks\'2C year marks and final marks.\line \line The Institution submitted a representation which has been evaluated.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the original application\'2C first evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report\'2C the recommendation of the HEQC and the representation made and concluded that\'2C although the Institution has put in effort to address the concerns raised\'2C it was evident from the representation that there were still important concerns. The evaluator recommended that the programme should not be accredited.\line \line In the HEQC recommendation\'2C it was stated that Damelin was not clear on how the programme purpose would be achieved as only 15 credits were dedicated to Project Management which was the qualifier in the programme. In their response\'2C Damelin has provided a revised SAQA document\'2C a revised curriculum structure\'2C revised module outlines and a revised list of prescribed and recommended textbooks. The revised curriculum includes eight compulsory modules comprising 15 credits each. All of the modules have a Project Management focus as indicated by the programme qualifier. The evaluator\'2C however\'2C noted that with the exception of two modules\'2C the same textbook is prescribed for all the other modules. The evaluator found this untenable. \line \line The HEQC had also stated that\'2C while there was a WIL component of 15 credits indicated\'2C very little detail had been provided on the management of WIL and the integration of this component in the curriculum of the programme.  In the representation\'2C the Institution has submitted the Experiential Learning \'28WIL\'29 Policy\'2C EL \'28WIL\'29 Manager Job Description\'2C EL Coordinator Job Description and a revised EL outline. The representation confirmed that experiential learning will be managed from both the Educor Head Office and at each Damelin campus by the EL Coordinator and EL Guardian Lecturers. The EL Manager will be responsible for the strategic direction and institutional practices of EL. The EL Coordinator manages the execution of EL for all programmes at a particular campus. In addition\'2C the EL Coordinator liaises with Head Office by providing tracking and periodic reports\'2C as well as coordinating the assessment and moderation of the portfolios of evidence. Each programme has a subject matter expert who also acts as an EL guardian lecturer. The evaluator noted that Damelin is not consistent with the use of terminology\'2C e.g. EL vs WIL\'2C EL Manager vs WIL Learning Manager\'2C research project vs project management plan\'2C EL guardian lecturer vs lecturer\'2C etc. In addition\'2C the evaluator pointed out that it was indicated that 10\'25 of the portfolios of evidence will be moderated by a subject matter expert\'2C whilst the Experiential Learning Policy indicates that EL was externally moderated. The Institution must give clarification on the process of external moderation as applicable to EL. \line \line The HEQC had\'2C furthermore\'2C pointed out that Damelin had failed to explain how students with low numeracy or with no background in Finance would be able to manage this programme given the Accounting and Statistics modules in the programme.  In the representation\'2C Damelin has confirmed that all Finance-related modules have been removed from the revised curriculum. The evaluator\'2C however\'2C noted that one of the modules of the revised curriculum is Project Resource\'2C Cost and Procurement Management\'2C which implies numerical skills. Project Management as such implies calculations and numerical skills. The Institution needs to clarify how this would be dealt with. \line \line Another concern raised in the HEQC recommendation was that formative and summative assessment\'2C as outlined in the Assessment Policy\'2C had not been clarified as well as the management of assessments at the different sites of delivery.  The evaluator\'2C in analysing the documents submitted\'2C found that the Damelin Assessment Policy gave a clear distinction between the different types of assessment\'2C including formative and summative assessments. The representation confirmed that assessment is managed by the Dean of Operations. The tasks of the Dean include\'3A provision of academic leadership in assessment design and the constructive alignment of assessments to learning outcomes\'2C responsible for managing internal and external moderation processes\'2C responsible for quality assurance of all assessment practices at site\'2C brand and group level and ensure deadlines are met\'2C ensure a secure assessment system and protocols and renew as needed for both contact delivery and distance brands\'2C etc. The evaluator found the response acceptable.\line \line The HEQC had also stated that Damelin had not provided an explanation of how it intends to implement assessment and teaching and learning ensuring equivalence of provisioning across multiple campuses. In response\'2C Damelin has listed several strategic goals regarding teaching and learning across all campuses. For example\'2C the creation and maintenance of a well-resourced teaching and learning environment in terms of facilities and infrastructure\'2C on a sustainable basis\'3B the effective use of systems\'2C including learning analytics to profile students and track their learning achievements\'3B adequate and accessible ICT facilities for staff and students\'2C including the provision of teaching and learning media in all teaching venues\'2C etc. It is also noted that the policies submitted apply to all campuses. These documents are available for all lecturers across all campuses. The evaluator found that uncertainties have been addressed.\line \line Finally\'2C the recommendation had pointed out that the Institution had failed to clarified the different types of assessments mentioned and whether formative assessment marks count towards the summative total. The supporting evidence submitted in response included the Assessment Policy and the Damelin Assessment Guidelines. According to the module outlines\'2C four assessments are applicable to all modules\'2C excluding the EL module. The formative assessments comprise the group assignment\'2C individual assignment and the test. The summative assessment comprises the final examination. The evaluator found that this meets the minimum required standards.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should be accredited with conditions.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Project Management \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The same textbook has been prescribed for six modules. The Institution must revise the list of prescribed books to expose the student to a broader range of ideas and perspectives.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. In the application\'2C it is indicated that 10\'25 of the portfolios of evidence would be moderated by a subject matter expert\'2C while the Experiential Learning Policy indicates that EL is externally moderated. The Institution must provide clarity regarding the process of external moderation as applicable to EL.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 3. It is noted that one of the modules of the revised curriculum \'28Project Resource\'2C Cost and Procurement Management\'29 implies the use of numerical skills. Project Management as such implies calculations and numerical skills. Damelin must explain how students with low numeracy or with no background in Finance would be able to manage this module.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line Damelin must ensure that consistent terminology is used in its application \'28e.g. EL vs WIL\'2C EL Manager vs WIL Learning Manager\'2C research project vs project management plan\'2C EL guardian lecturer vs lecturer\'2C etc.\'29.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}