{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH16\'2FE190CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Tshwane University of Technology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Education in Technical and Vocational Teaching\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 480\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 492\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 4 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Soshanguve North \line 1 Aubrey Matlala Street\'2C \line Soshanguve North\'2C \line Block H.\line \line Mbombela\line General Dan Pienaar Road\'2C\line NELSPRUIT\line \line eMalahleni\line 19 OR Thambo Street\line Emalahleni\line 1035\line \line Polokwane\line 109 Market Street\'2C\line POLOKWANE\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Tshwane University of Technology \'28TUT\'29 is a public higher education Institution whose programmes have been accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Bachelor of Education in Technical and Vocational Teaching programme which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery from the Soshanguve\'2C Soshanguve North. \line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of an Advanced Diploma in Technical and Vocational Teaching programme which is still in process.\line \line The Institution is accredited to offer the following programmes\'3A\line - Bachelor of Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching H\'2FH16\'2FE132CAN \'28Contact mode of delivery\'29 \line - Bachelor of Education in Intermediate Phase Teaching H\'2FH16\'2FE125CAN \'28Contact mode of delivery\'29 \line - Bachelor of Education in Foundation Phase Teaching H\'2FH16\'2FE116CAN \'28Contact mode of delivery\'29 \line - Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Further Education and Training Teaching H\'2FH16\'2FE135CAN \'28Contact mode of delivery\'29\line \line During the HEQSF-alignment process\'2C the Institution submitted a Master of Education \'28Contact\'2C Level 9\'2C minimum 180 Credits\'29\'3B Master of Education in Educational Technology \'28Contact\'2C Level 9\'2C minimum 180 Credits\'29 and Doctor of Education \'28Contact\'2C Level 10\'2C minimum 360 Credits\'29 which were HEQSF-aligned and deemed accredited as category A programme. \line \line The following programmes were also submitted as Category C programmes\'3A \line - Baccalaureus Educationis \'28GET\'29 \'3A Foundation Phase \'28Contact\'2C Level 7\'2C minimum 480 Credits\'29 \line - Baccalaureus Educationis \'28GET\'29\'3A Intermediate \'2F Senior Phase \'28Contact\'2C Level 7\'2C minimum 480 Credits\'29 \line - Baccalaureus Educationis\'3A \'28FET\'29\'3A Specialisation \'28Contact\'2C Level 7\'2C minimum 360 Credits\'29 \line - Post Graduate Certificate in Education \'28Contact\'2C Level 10\'2C minimum 360 Credits\'29 \line - Advanced Certificate in Education \'28Specialisation\'29 \'28Contact\'2C Level 7\'2C minimum 120 Credits\'29 \line - Higher Diploma\'3A Higher Education and Training \'28Contact\'2C Level 7\'2C minimum 120 Credits\'29 \line - National Professional Diploma in Education \'3A FET \'28Contact\'2C Level 5\'2C minimum 360 Credits\'29 \line - National Professional Diploma in Education \'3A \'28GET\'29\'3A Foundation Phase \'28Contact\'2C Level 5\'2C minimum 360 Credits\'29 \line - National Professional Diploma in Education \'3A \'28GET\'29\'3A Intermediate Phase \'28Contact\'2C Level 5\'2C minimum 360 Credits\'29 \line - National Professional Diploma in Education \'3A \'28GET\'29\'3A Senior Phase \'28Contact\'2C Level 5\'2C minimum 360 Credits\'29 \line - Advanced Certificate in Education \'28Specialisation\'29 \'28Contact\'2C Level 7\'2C minimum 120 Credits\'29 \line - Baccalaureus Educationis\'3A \'28FET\'29\'3A\'28Specialisation\'29 \'28Contact\'2C Level 7\'2C minimum 120 Credits\'29 \line - Baccalaureus Educationis\'3A \'28HONS\'29\'3A\'28FET\'29\'3A \'28Specialisation\'29 \'28Contact\'2C Level 7\'2C minimum 120 Credits\'29 \line - Baccalaureus Educationis \'28Hons\'29 \'28GET\'3A Intermediate \'2F Senior Phase\'29 \'28Contact\'2C Level 7\'2C minimum 120 Credits\'29 \line - Baccalaureus Educationis\'3A \'28Honours\'29\'3A\'28FET\'29\'3A Specialisation \'28Contact\'2C Level 7\'2C minimum 120 Credits\'29 \line - Bachelors of Education Honours in Further Education and Training \'28Contact\'2C Level 7\'2C minimum 120 Credits\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator found that the application meets minimum requirements for most of the criteria\'2C while criteria 1 needs improvement. The evaluator recommended that the programme is accredited with conditions. The programme has been approved in terms of the MRTEQ and the PQM by the DHET.\line \line The programme is in line with the mission of the institution. The programme may either be offered as an initial professional teaching qualification to prospective TVET college lecturers or as an in-service professional teaching qualification to TVET lecturers who are in possession of approved and recognised technical and\'2For vocational and\'2For professional teaching qualifications at a level below M \'2B 4. The Bachelor of Education in Technical and Vocational Teaching has the primary purpose of providing a well\'E2\'80\'93rounded education that equips graduates with the required subject content knowledge base\'2C educational theory and methodology that will enable them to demonstrate competence and responsibility as academically and professionally qualified TVET lecturers. The programme will offer specific depth and specialisation of knowledge\'2C together with practical skills and workplace experience\'2C to enable successful students to teach and to apply their learning as TVET lecturers in the fields of Clothing and Textiles\'3B Engineering\'3B Finance\'2C Economics and Accounting\'3B Human Resource Management\'3B Information Technology\'3B Marketing\'3B Office administration\'3B Primary Agriculture\'3B Public Management\'3B Public relations\'3B Tourism and Transport and Logistics. \line \line With regard to articulation\'2C the institution has stated that the programme degree is the minimum entry requirement for admission to a Bachelor of Education Honours Degree or a cognate Postgraduate Diploma in Technical and Vocational Teaching programme which is a route for vertical articulation. \line \line The design down approach of aligning the macro level \'28programme design document\'29 with the expanded module descriptors ensures that the programme purpose and outcomes are achieved at a micro level \'28module descriptors\'29. Staff were trained to take the purpose\'2C credits\'2C and outcomes in the programme design document and to break these up into the units\'2Fthemes to be taught and learnt during the module\'2C as is evident in the attached module descriptors for the programme. The total credits for the Bachelor of Education in Technical and Vocational Teaching Degree\'2C \'28NQF level 7\'29\'2C is 492. It consists of disciplinary learning modules totalling 227 credits\'2C pedagogical learning modules totalling 74 credits\'3B practical learning modules totaling 116 credits\'3B fundamental learning modules totalling 49 credits and situational learning modules totalling 26 credits. There are electives in the programme. The institution has not submitted complete module outlines indicating the module outcomes and the content to be covered for all the modules. The level and relevance of the modules could not be evaluated due to some module descriptors that were not available. More information is needed. Furthermore\'2C the institution has included 5 Level 8 modules while this is a Level 7 programme. The evaluator feels that the institution has to revise the level of these modules and has to provide a revised programme structure. The Directorate notes that the HEQSF does not prohibit institutions from including modules at a higher NQF Level that the exit level\'2C provided that the programme is still aligned with the purpose and learning outcomes. Also\'2C this programme was approved by TEPEC in terms of MRTEQ.  \line \line The entry requirement is the National Senior Certificate or the National Certificate \'28Vocational\'29 with appropriate subject combinations and levels of achievement. In addition\'2C a point score of 24 minimum is required for admission to this programme. The principles of RPL will be applied for accommodating those in-service professional TVET lecturers who are in possession of approved and recognised technical and\'2For vocational and\'2For professional teaching qualifications at a level below M \'2B 4 and who apply to register for this programme. The student intake for the Bachelor of Education in Technical and Vocational Teaching will be 120 students per annum for the first year of offering \'282020\'29. The objective of widening access to higher education will be promoted through the admission of students who meet the admission requirements. The admission requirements have taken into consideration that demanding very high APS scores would be exclusionary and therefore agreed on a minimum score that will allow the programme to widen access. The institution will apply RPL for admission. Only 10\'25 of the student cohort can gain admission via RPL process. \line \line Teaching methods are aimed at problem solving and application of skills and knowledge. Lecturers are offered in a classroom and laboratories where knowledge and skills are applied in a real-world context. In all of the above cases\'2C a well prepared study guide will assist and guide students through all the activities. E-learning is strongly encouraged and learning software such as Blackboard \'28myTUTor\'29 is used extensively to enhance learning and communication with students. During lectures\'2C various interactive teaching methods will be used in order to link theory and practice\'2C and to mentor the process and progress of team work. Methods such as interactive teaching\'2C debates\'2C oral presentation from students\'2C peer evaluations of group work\'2C group assignments and projects\'2C class quizzes\'2C structured summaries\'2C slides and videos\'2C discussion and presentation of case studies will be evident. \line \line The student support department provides various academic support programmes. which is a student tracking system\'2C to monitor student progress and report on student development and support provided. All academic departments and the department of student support and development have access to the system. The information in this system includes student biographical information\'2C academic performance and intervention offered to students. This implies an ability to track student performance from the first enrolment to completion. At the faculty level\'2C success rate coordinators have been appointed by the office of the dean to develop \'E2\'80\'9Cat risk\'E2\'80\'9D subjects success rates. At the classroom level\'2C student progress will continually be monitored through formative and summative assessment practices\'2C including informal group discussions and classroom feedback sessions as well as class presentations\'2C formal tests\'2C assignments\'2C and practical assessments. \line \line Formative assessment will be used to inform students about their progress on a continuous basis throughout the course of study. Self and peer assessment \'28with the aid of relevant analytical assessment tools\'29 will contribute to formative assessment. Marks collected from this evidence may be recorded for promotional purposes or may be used for the sole purpose of student and lecturer reflection\'2C growth and development. Formative assessment will be used to support the student developmentally and to provide feedback to all involved in the learning process about how teaching and learning can be improved. Throughout the programme\'2C formative assessment strategies will be used to ensure that exit level and critical cross-field outcomes are achieved. Summative assessment will involve assessment opportunities that take place at the end of a learning experience. Information will be gathered about a student\'E2\'80\'99s level of competence upon completion of a module. Results will be expressed in marks in terms of the level of competence achieved\'2C with regard to level descriptors\'2C specific outcomes\'2C and assessment standards. This type of assessment will be used for promotional purposes and will take the form of theoretical examinations. In the case of non-examination termination modules\'2C an external moderator is appointed\'2C and at least 50\'25 of the assessment of the assessment opportunities needs to be moderated. There is no specific final or year-end examination in modules assessed in a non-examination termination mode. The assessment opportunities completed during the learning process accumulates into a final module mark.  \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Education in Technical and Vocational Teaching \'28492 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The module desriptors for some of the module were omitted. Provide a complete set of module descriptors that includes a summary of content\'2C leanring outcomes\'2C assessment criteria and information on teaching and learning for each module in the programme.\line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The institution has included 5 Level 8 modules while this is a Level 7 programme. It is recommended that the institution revise the level of these modules and provide a revised programme structure.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}