{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1060\'2FE004CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Peritum Agri Institute\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Advanced Certificate in Management\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 128\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 67 Olds Street\line Langenhoven Park\line Bloemfontein\line 9330\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Peritum Agri Institute is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE. \line \line \line The Institution is applying for the accreditation of an Advanced Certificate in Management which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at Main Campus - Bloemfontein \line \line \line The Institution also applied for the accreditation of the following programmes which are still in process\'3A \line \line \line - Postgraduate Diploma in Entrepreneurial Sustainable Urban Agriculture H\'2FPR1060\'2FE001CAN \'28contact mode\'29\line \line - Diploma Agriculture Production and Management H\'2FPR1060\'2FE002CAN \'28Contact mode\'29\line \line -Advanced Diploma Climate Smart Agriculture H\'2FPR1060\'2FE003CAN \'28contact mode\'29\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The programme is in line with the mission of the institution. The Institution currently offers Certificate programmes on NQF level 4 and 5.  These are qualifications in General Management \'28Generic Management\'29 and SETA accredited. The Directorate notes that the structure of the programme is very similar to an existing accredited AC in Management from another insitution. This qualification is a level 6 qualification with a total credit value of 128 credits.  It consists of 6 compulsory modules \'28all offered at level 6\'2C 20 credits\'29 and a WIL component with a credit value of 8. No rules of combination are applicable. The duration of the programme is one year. The focus of this qualification is to develop\'2C implement and manage workable staff solutions and the focus is on the agricultural industry.  It promotes the development of knowledge and skills in the areas of management\'2C human resources\'2C management accounting\'2C project management and corporate citizenship. The programme is however problematic as there seems to be little or no application to the Agri-industry which is in contradiction to par. 1.8 where it is stated that one of the core competencies is applied in the field of Agri production and management and it further states that one of the competencies is research. The evaluator has not accepted the focus of the Leadership and Management\'2C Global Corporate Citizenship\'2C and Integrated Business Strategy modules as there is no introductory sections to these and no general business management module. The Global Corporate Citizenship module includes n research\'2C research methods and data analysis which is too advanced for this type of programme. The programme articulates horizontally into a cognate qualification in Business Management or Project Management\'2C and vertically into a cognate Diploma qualification in the fields of Business Management and Administration\'2C or a Bachelors\'E2\'80\'99 degree. The WIL component is structured\'2C the duration is 3 weeks and the credit value is 8.   The outcomes are clear and assessment is done via journals\'2C academic activities on-site\'2C mentor reports and a Portfolio of Evidence. The Institution is responsible for the placement of students. This information is contained in a well-structured WIL policy.  \line \line Recruitment is done via referrals from alumni\'2C and an incentive scheme is in place. Other recruitment practices include social media\'2C newspapers\'2C radio and notifications to businesses. The envisaged starting date for offering this qualification is 2021 and the envisaged student intake is a maximum of 120 students per annum. It is not clear why par 2.3 of the application makes reference to a capping of 40 students per class group. It potentially has to do with the fact that there will be multiple intakes per annum and the annual intake must not exceed 120 students. The possible staggered intake needs to be explained and requires more information. The admission criteria is a Higher Certificate \'28NQF 5\'29 in the appropriate field\'2C and learners must be competent in English \'28NQF 4\'29.  Provision is made for entry via the RPL route. The Institution is reminded that applicants accepted via this route should not exceed 10\'25 of the cohort. The application confirms accreditation by the ETDP \'E2\'80\'93 Foodbev and Services SETA and reference is made to the National Certificate Programmes.  It is not clear what the relationship is between the Advanced Certificate Programme and these Generic Management certificate programmes are. These qualifications are not Higher Certificates\'2C thus\'2C should not been seen as programmes to provide entry into the Advanced certificate. \line \line With regard to staffing\'2C it seems as if majority of the staff members has been appointed on a part-time basis with one full-time academic. The institution also refers to four full-time academic staff members\'2C but there is no evidence in the staffing documentation of four full-time academics. It is not clear who will be providing the academic leadership for the development\'2C delivery and monitoring of the academic programme. A programme co-ordinator has been appointed\'2C however\'2C the roles and responsibilities refer  to his role in overseeing all Diploma qualifications and no mention has been made of this particular programme. Mention is made of an exchange programme in the Netherlands. More information is needed regarding the involvement of staff on both staff. A distance education specialist is mentioned\'2C but it is unclear what this person responsibility is towards this programme. reference is made to \'E2\'80\'98clients\'E2\'80\'99\'2C \'E2\'80\'98unit standards\'E2\'80\'99\'2C \'E2\'80\'98tailor made learning solutions\'E2\'80\'99 and \'E2\'80\'98outsourced learning\'E2\'80\'99.  These are terminology used in SETA training and skills development.  This is not in line with the terminology used in Higher Education. The Directorate notes that a significant number of staff members don\'27t have qualifications relevant to the modules and focus of this programme.\line \line With regard to teaching and learning\'2C it is noted that only 19\'25 of the learning time will be spent on face-to-face lectures \'28contact time\'29 and the majority of the learning time \'2844\'25\'29 will be spent on \'E2\'80\'98Other\'E2\'80\'99 Activities such as Work-Integrated learning \'283 weeks\'29 and formative and summative assessments\'2C practicals\'2C portfolios of evidence and examinations\'2Ftests.  The table should be reviewed as only the WIL should be indicated as \'E2\'80\'98Other\'E2\'80\'99 and the rest of the activities\'2C as mentioned above\'2C should be allocated to the section on independent self-study \'28case studies\'2C multimedia etc.\'29. It is stated that 40\'25 of the notional hours will be spent in contact sessions \'E2\'80\'93 it is not clear if this is in line with Learning activities table which indicated that learning time \'28contact sessions\'29 will only be 19\'25. It appears as if this programme will be offered via block weeks and supported with tutorial sessions over weekends.  The tutors seem to be the lecturers.\line \line Students seem to have unlimited access to lectures\'2C tutors and supervisors via Moodle\'2C email and whatsapp groups. It is noted that individual assignments and group assignments are the main methods of assessments. In reviewing the module outlines\'2C it is clear that there is no formal test for any of the modules\'2C but that assessment will consist of two assignments only. Thus\'2C a contradiction in information provided. It seems as if these assignments will also serve as summative assessments which will determine a student\'E2\'80\'99s competence. This is not in line with assessments practices in Higher Education as there should be a clear distinction between formative and summative assessments.  Mention is made of an examination\'2C  but there is no evidence of any examinations in this programme. It seems as if students\'E2\'80\'99 competence will be determined by means of a Portfolio of Evidence. This is\'2C as mentioned\'2C not in line with assessment practices in Higher Education. The SAQA documentation\'2C which was submitted as part of this application\'2C refers to projects\'2C posters\'2C presentations and continues assessments. This has not been addressed in the application. The SAQA documentation refers to the \'E2\'80\'98Diploma in Agriculture Production and Management\'E2\'80\'99 which is not the name of this qualification. The internal moderation process explained in the SAQA document refers to test papers and examination papers for the Diploma programme.  Thus\'2C failing to address the moderation procedure for this particular qualification. Feedback on the assignments will be given at the beginning of the next block just before the new module is started. It is not clear how students will be able to improve on their performance if they only receive feedback at such a late stage. There does not seem to be an appropriate policy for internal assessments\'2C moderation\'2C and overall assessment practices.\line \line No mention is made of computers available for both staff and students. The institutional application then again does indicate that students are required to have their own PC\'2Flaptop and staff has access to a staff dedicated laptop.  It does not seem as if the Institution is providing any computer facilities for both staff and students. This information needs to be provided. The institution refers to library resources\'2C  but a complete list of inventory has not been submitted.  The institution also does not elaborate on student access to the library\'2C and the operating hours of the library is not clear. \line \line The process of recording assessment results seems to be secure. It has not been specified\'2C but it is assumed that all entries and access to programme administrative services is password protected and any activity on student database should be tracked and monitored. A grievance procedure has been explained and seems to be appropriate. The procedure to certification process has been uploaded as evidence\'2C but the document only refers to SETA qualifications and does not specify the procedure for the Advanced Certificate programme.\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Advanced Certificate in Management \'28128 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql It appears the staff members has been appointed on a part-time basis with one full-time academic. The institution also refers to four full-time academic staff members\'2C but there is no evidence in the staffing documentation of four full-time academics. \line \line A programme co-ordinator has been appointed\'2C however\'2C the roles and responsibilities refer  to his role in overseeing all Diploma qualifications and no mention has been made of this particular programme. \line \line Mention is made of an exchange programme in the Netherlands. More information is needed regarding the involvement of staff on both staff.\line \line A distance education specialist is mentioned\'2C but it is unclear what this person responsibility is towards this programme.\line \line The programme will be offered in mixed mode \'28not full contact mode\'29 with block sessions and online sessions. This will change the landscape in terms of administrative support staff and more technical people will be required to develop\'2C maintain and update the student portal.\line \line In the institution\'27s document related to staffing\'2C QMM\'2C reference is made to clients\'2C unit standards\'2C tailor made learning solutions and outsourced learning.  These are terminology used in SETA training and skills development.  This is not in line with the terminology used in Higher Education.  \line \line A significant number of staff members don\'27t have qualifications relevant to the modules and focus of this programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3 \'26 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql It is stated that 40\'25 of the notional hours will be spent in contact sessions. This is not  in line with learning activities table which indicated that learning time \'28contact sessions\'29 will only be 19. It is stated that at-risk students will be monitored by means of formative and summative assessment requirements and where there is a trend of non-attendance the students will be contacted.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql No mention is made of computers available for both staff and students. It does not seem as if the Institution is providing any computer facilities for both staff and students. This information needs to be provided.  \line \line The institution refers to library resources\'2C  but a complete list of inventory has not been submitted.  The institution also does not elaborate on student access to the library\'2C and the operating hours of the library is not clear. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The institution has not addressed summative assessment on the programme\'2C only formative assessment have been discussed.\line \line It seems as if students\'C3\'83\'C2\'A2\'C3\'A2\'E2\'80\'9A\'C2\'AC\'C3\'A2\'E2\'80\'9E\'C2\'A2 competence will be determined by means of a portfolio of evidence as standard. This is not in line with assessment practices in Higher Education. \line \line The SAQA documentation\'2C which was submitted as part of this application\'2C refers to projects\'2C posters\'2C presentations and continues assessments. This has not been addressed in the application. \line \line The SAQA documentation refers to the \'C3\'83\'C2\'A2\'C3\'A2\'E2\'80\'9A\'C2\'AC\'C3\'8B\'C5\'93Diploma in Agriculture Production and Management\'C3\'83\'C2\'A2\'C3\'A2\'E2\'80\'9A\'C2\'AC\'C3\'A2\'E2\'80\'9E\'C2\'A2 which is not the name of this qualification.\line \line The internal moderation process explained in the SAQA document refers to test papers and examination papers for the Diploma programme. This is not addressing the moderation procedure for this particular qualification. \line \line Feedback on the assignments will be given at the beginning of the next block just before the new module is started. It is not clear how students will be able to improve on their performance if they only receive feedback at such a late stage.  \line \line There does not seem to be an appropriate policy for internal assessments\'2C moderation\'2C and overall assessment practices.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The possible staggered intake of students per annum needs to be explained and requires more information. \line \line The application confirms accreditation by the ETDP Foodbev and Services SETA and reference is made to the National Certificate Programmes.  It is not clear what the relationship is between the Advanced Certificate Programme and these Generic Management certificate programmes are. These qualifications are not Higher Certificates\'2C thus\'2C should not been seen as programmes to provide entry into the Advanced certificate. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The procedure to certification process has been uploaded as evidence\'2C but the document only refers to SETA qualifications and does not specify the procedure for the Advanced Certificate programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The programme is problematic as there seems to be little or no application to the Agri-industry although a commitment was stated in the submission.\line \line The focus of the Applied Project Management\'2C Leadership and Management\'2C Global Corporate Citizenship\'2C and Integrated Business Strategy modules are too advanced given that there is no  general business management module.\line \line The Global Corporate Citizenship module includes n research\'2C research methods and data analysis which is too advanced for this type of programme.\line \line Only 19\'25 of the learning time will be spent on face-to-face lectures \'28contact time\'29 and the majority of the learning time \'2844\'25\'29 will be spent on other activities such as WIL \'283 weeks\'29 and formative and summative assessments\'2C practicals\'2C portfolios of evidence and examinations\'2Ftests. The table should be reviewed as only the WIL should be indicated as other and the rest of the activities have to be assigned.\line \line The structure of the programme exactly the same as that of an existing accredited AC in Management from another institution.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}