{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 6th October 2020\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR041\'2FE042CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Lyceum College\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 126\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 0 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Success House\line 1st\'2C 3rd\'2C 5th\'2C 6th\'2C 7th and 11th floors\line 02 Melle Street\'2C\line Braamfontein\'2C\line Johannesburg.\line 2000\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Lyceum College is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution and has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution applied for accreditation of the Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 10th of March 2020 and HEQC meeting held on the 7th of April 2020.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. The application made is for the PGCE \'28Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching\'29 but the CESM qualifiers are incorrectly indicated as 0710 Teaching and Learning Support \'28first qualifier\'29 and 071104 Early Childhood Education and Development Management \'28second qualifier\'29. \line 2. The date of programme approval by institutional governance structures \'281000-01-01\'29 and the date of implementation \'281000-01-01\'29 are erroneously reflected in the application. The minimum duration for full-time study should be revised.\line 3. The submission does not cover the practical implementation of Teaching Practice \'28WIL\'29 adequately and it is silent on how it will be supervised and assessed by Lyceum. It appears that this function will be allocated to schools where students will be doing their WIL. This will seriously place the assurance of quality\'2C consistency and equivalence at risk and may compromise the integrity of the qualification. \line 4. The admission requirements indicated are not aligned with the HEQSF or MRTEQ.\line 5. The enrolment plan suggests that a minimum of 20 students will be registered in year one. This does not seem to be viable in light of the design of the programme that offers 31 electives and 12 specialisations. Lyceum does not appear to have the academic staff capacity to service such a diverse range of students.\line 6. The academic staff complement \'28only two staff members are listed\'29 is not enough to offer the range of subject specialisations listed \'28i.e. 12\line specialisations\'29 and more than 30 compulsory and elective modules. Lyceum\'2C therefore\'2C does not have the staff capacity to offer the programme. \line 7. The assessment of Teaching Practice \'28WIL\'29 does not comply with MRTEQ as it will not be supervised or assessed by Lyceum. The proposed assessment consists of a school report compiled by the teacher to which the student is assigned and verified by the school principal and a Portfolio of Evidence \'28PoE\'29 compiled by the student. There is no indication of how consistency and equivalence of assessment\'2C and quality assurance\'2C will be achieved. \line 8. The following statements raise concern about the site of delivery for this intended programme\'3A\line i. \'22Students will also have the option to access physical libraries at a Lyceum campus...\'22 \'28which implies more than one site of delivery\'29\'3B and\line ii. \'22Since the mode of delivery for this programme is the distance mode\'2C Lyceum requires no lecture rooms for this purpose. However\'2C Lyceum has various lecture and seminar rooms available at its Head Office...\'22 \'28which implies that students will be engaged at premises other than the site of delivery included in this application\'29. \line \line The Institution submitted a representation which has been evaluated.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the original application made\'2C the first evaluator\'27s report\'2C recommendation by the HEQC not to accredit the programme and representation made by the Institution and came to the conclusion that the programme should not be accredited. The evaluator indicated that the Institution submitted a representation to address the reasons for non-accreditation. Although some of the concerns were addressed\'2C the Institution did not provide sufficient evidence to confirm a suitably qualified staff profile and the monitoring of WIL remains a concern.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the application was for the PGCE \'28Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching\'29 but the CESM qualifiers are incorrectly indicated as 0710 Teaching and Learning Support \'28first qualifier\'29 and 071104 Early Childhood Education and Development Management \'28second qualifier\'29. The Institution acknowledged that the CESM was erroneous in the submission\'2C The CESM was reviewed and presented as follows\'3A First Qualifier\'3A 0710 \'E2\'80\'93 Teaching Education and Professional Development\'2C Specific Levels and Methods\'3B Second Qualifier\'3A 071004 \'E2\'80\'93 Teacher Education\'3A Multiple Levels. The Institution referred to a dated version of the Classification of Educational Subject Matter \'28CESM\'29\'2C i.e. August 2008. However\'2C the CESM classification for Education was revised and published in August 2014 as an Addendum to the 2008 CESM document. The evaluator found that although the Institution reviewed the CESM categories for the Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching\'2C the new CESMs were allocated from a dated CESM manual. Since the Institution failed to provide relevant CESMs for this qualification\'2C it did not address this reason for non-accreditation.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the date of programme approval by institutional governance structures \'281000-01-01\'29 and the date of implementation \'281000-01-01\'29 were erroneously reflected in the application. The minimum duration for full-time study had to be revised. The Institution explained that the proposed PGCE \'28Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching\'29 was approved by the relevant institutional structures on 30 January 2017. Thereafter\'2C the programme was submitted to the Department of Higher Education and Training \'28DHET\'29 for approval. Subsequently\'2C the DHET approved the programme for MRTEQ purposes on 22 October 2018. If accredited\'2C the Institution plans to offer the qualification from January 2022.\line \line The evaluator found that Lyceum indicated that it planned to offer the PGCE \'28Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching\'29 on both full-time basis and part-time basis via the distance mode of delivery. The minimum duration for full-time students is one year\'2C while the minimum duration for part-time students is two years. The Institution provided sufficient information in the representation and addressed this reason for non-accreditation.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the submission did not cover the practical implementation of Teaching Practice \'28WIL\'29 adequately and it was silent on how it would be supervised and assessed by Lyceum. It appeared that this function would be allocated to schools where students will be doing their WIL. That would seriously place the assurance of quality\'2C consistency and equivalence at risk and might compromise the integrity of the qualification. The Institution states that it wants to assure the CHE of the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s role and responsibility in the supervision and assessment of Teaching Practice \'28Work-Integrated Learning\'29. A document that outlines the WIL experience was presented to clarify the WIL process. The \'27Student\'E2\'80\'99s Practice Teaching Journey\'27 was outlined in a document including the partnership with schools\'2C template for a report by the mentor teacher\'2C and guidelines for the student regarding assessment and the portfolio. A Mentor Teacher is assigned to each student. This process is managed by the WIL Coordinator. The WIL coordinator is responsible for the coordination of all work-based\'2F practical learning at the Institution. As indicated in the WIL policy\'2C the WIL Coordinator will appoint assessors\'2C who are trained and experienced staff. The assessors will conduct school visits to support and assess the student\'2C as well as support and evaluate the schools. The evaluator found that although the Institution claims that it will appoint trained and experienced assessors\'2C no evidence of appointed assessors has been provided to substantiate the capabilities\'2C experience and qualifications of assessors. The person that is responsible for the WIL modules does not seem to be suitably qualified to lecture in this programme. According to the representation\'2C the WIL coordinator appoints Lyceum staff as WIL assessors. The staff profile as explained in point 6 of this document is not sufficient\'2C nor suitably qualified to support WIL in this programme. It is not evident from the staff profile that Lyceum has sufficient qualified staff to act as WIL assessors. The Institution has not adequately addressed this reason for non-accreditation.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the admission requirements were not aligned with the HEQSF or MRTEQ.\line The Institution revised the admission requirements and admission into the PGCE \'28Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching\'29 to be acceptable and align with the minimum requirements in MRTEQ and the HEQSF. Furthermore\'2C Section H of the SAQA document was updated to provide for the new admission requirements. The Institution submitted the revised SAQA document as evidence of the new HEQSF-aligned admission criteria. The admission requirements were presented in the representation as follows\'3A\line \'E2\'80\'A2 Students who wish to obtain access to the PGCE \'28Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching\'29 must be in possession of an appropriate Diploma \'28NQF level 6\'29 or Bachelor\'E2\'80\'99s Degree \'28NQF level 7\'2F8\'29 that provides sufficient in-depth subject content knowledge to support Grade 7 to Grade 12 teaching in the selected area of specialisation. The following broad guidelines apply regarding subjects\'3A \line \'E2\'80\'A2 Students must be proficient in the use of ICT. This is assessed at the commencement of the qualification\'2C and should this not be the case\'2C the student must complete the \'E2\'80\'98Technology and teaching\'E2\'80\'99 module. \line \'E2\'80\'A2 Students must be conversant in an official South African \'28African\'29 language. This is assessed at the commencement of the qualification\'2C and should this not be the case\'2C the student must complete the \'E2\'80\'98Conversational isiZulu\'E2\'80\'99 module. \line \'E2\'80\'A2 Students must have a minimum of 24 credits at NQF Level 6 for teaching subject specialisation in the Senior Phase. \line \'E2\'80\'A2 Students must have a minimum of 48 credits\'2C of which 24 credits must be at NQF Level 7\'2C for subject specialisation teaching in the FET Phase.\line \line The evaluator found that the Institution revised the admission requirements to meet minimum HEQSF and MRTEQ requirements. The SAQA form was updated accordingly. The Institution provided sufficient evidence and addressed this reason for non-accreditation.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the enrolment plan suggested that a minimum of 20 students would be registered in Year one. This did not seem to be viable in light of the design of the programme that offers 31 electives and 12 specialisations. Lyceum does not appear to have the academic staff capacity to service such a diverse range of students.  \line The Institution provided an updated enrolment plan and explained that every Lyceum academic programme has a minimum standard of financial viability for the programme to be delivered. Considering the design of the programme\'2C the Institution determined that a minimum of 100 students should be enrolled both full-time and part-time in order for the Postgraduate Certificate in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching to be financially viable. The new enrolment plan \'28Addendum D\'29 for part-time and full-time students reflects that 200 students will be enrolled per annum \'28100 part-time and 100 full-time\'29. \line \line The evaluator found that the enrolment figures seemed acceptable\'2C however\'2C the Institution had insufficient staff to support 200 students per annum. The Institution has two full-time staff members\'2C and only one person is suitably qualified to lecture in a PGCE \'28Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching\'29. Information on the part-time staff profile indicates that Lyceum did appoint a number of staff members for this programme\'2C but very few are suitably qualified or experienced to lecture this programme. The Institution has not adequately addressed this reason for non-accreditation.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the academic staff complement \'28only two staff members were listed\'29 was not enough to offer the range of subject specialisations listed \'28i.e. 12 specialisations\'29 and more than 30 compulsory and elective modules. Lyceum\'2C therefore\'2C did not have the staff capacity to offer the programme. The Institution acknowledges the lack of sufficient and suitably qualified academic staff. The Institution explains that it makes extensive use of external academics to complement a small core team of full-time academics. It provided an updated staff list and CVs of staff who have been appointed to lecture the PGCE \'28Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching\'29. According to the updated staff list\'2C Lyceum employs only two full-time staff members for the PGCE \'28Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching\'29. One lecturer does not seem to be suitably qualified for lecturing in this programme. It is of concern that only one full-time staff member is qualified and has some experience to lecture in this programme. In terms of the part-time lecturers\'2C some of the academic staff are appropriately qualified but many of the appointed staff are not suitably qualified. \line \line The evaluator found that from the information available\'2C it is evident that few appointed staff members are suitably qualified to lecture this programme. Furthermore\'2C some of the part-time staff members did obtain a teaching qualification\'2C but it is not a level higher than a PGCE \'28NQF Level 7\'29 and they are therefore not suitably qualified to teach in the programme. The Institution explains that\'2C where it lacks academic staff capacity\'2C a recruitment process will be executed. The Institution claims that it will employ the necessary measures to address the recruitment of appropriately qualified academic staff. It also outlined the staff recruitment process. It is acceptable that the Institution will appoint additional staff once the programme has been accredited. However\'2C the existing staff profile is not acceptable - not suitably qualified or experienced to offer and support the quality of a PGCE \'28Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching\'29. As mentioned\'2C the Institution relies on a very small full-time academic team\'2C while it uses external academics. One full-time qualified an experienced staff member is not sufficient to maintain the quality of the programme. The Institution has not adequately addressed this reason for non-accreditation.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the assessment of Teaching Practice \'28WIL\'29 did not comply with MRTEQ as it would not be supervised or assessed by Lyceum. The proposed assessment consists of a school report compiled by the teacher to whom the student is assigned\'2C and verified by the school principal\'2C and a portfolio of evidence \'28PoE\'29 compiled by the student. There was no indication of how consistency and equivalence of assessment\'2C and quality assurance\'2C would be achieved. The Institution argues that the WIL coordinator is responsible for the coordination of all work-based\'2F practical learning at the Institution. As indicated in the WIL policy\'2C the WIL Coordinator will appoint assessors\'2C who are trained and experienced staff. The assessors will conduct school visits to support and assess the student\'2C as well as support and evaluate the schools. The representation suggests that the Institution appoints assessors \'28Lyceum staff members\'29\'2C and all students receives a WIL information pack which ensures consistency and the quality of assessment. \line \line The evaluator found that the evidence in the representation was not convincing. Although the Institution claims that it will appoint trained and experienced assessors\'2C no evidence of \'28appointed\'29 assessors has been provided to substantiate the capabilities\'2C experience and qualifications of assessors.  The person that is responsible for the WIL modules does not seem to be suitably qualified to lecture in this programme. According to the representation\'2C the WIL coordinator appoints Lyceum staff as WIL assessors. The staff complement is not sufficient or suitably qualified to support WIL in this programme. The Institution has not adequately addressed this reason for non-accreditation.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the following statements raised concern about the site of delivery for this intended programme\'3A \'22Students will also have the option to access physical libraries at a Lyceum campus...\'22 \'28which implies more than one site of delivery\'29\'3B and \'22Since the mode of delivery for this programme is the distance mode\'2C Lyceum requires no lecture rooms for this purpose. However\'2C Lyceum has various lecture and seminar rooms available at its Head Office...\'22 \'28which implies that students will be engaged at premises other than the site of delivery included in this application\'29.\line The Institution confirmed that it only has one accredited site of delivery in Braamfontein. Students throughout South Africa have access to electronic textbooks via the student portal myLyceum and the myLibrary features\'3A EBSCOhost\'2C an electronic journal and article database\'3B Harvard referencing guide and other academic literacy digital support materials\'3B a wide range of open education digital resources and e-books\'3B and Bookstore which provides students the opportunity to order online books from suppliers \'28affiliated with the Institution\'29 to encourage students to buy books. On the second issue\'2C the Institution acknowledged the error in the submission. The reference to \'E2\'80\'98Head Office\'E2\'80\'99 is to the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s Braamfontein campus. Therefore\'2C students will not be engaged on a premise other than the accredited site of delivery.  \line \line The evaluator found that the Institution clarified the concerns and confirmed that students have access to all relevant material via a digital platform\'2C i.e. EBSCO\'2C as well as the bookstore that provides for online orders. Furthermore\'2C the reference to Head Office was clarified\'2C and the Institution confirmed that students wouldl not be engaged on premises other than the accredited site of delivery. The Institution has addressed this reason for non-accreditation.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should not be accredited.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching \'28126 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. Lyceum revised the CESM categories but used a dated CESM manual \'28August 2008\'29\'2C and not the revised CESMs for Education that were published in August 2014 as an Addendum. The CESMs were updated in the SAQA document. The SAQA document also refers to dated CESM categories.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The Institution revised the enrolment plan\'2C and aims to enrol 100 students in the full-time programme and 100 students in the part-time programme. Therefore 200 students per annum. However\'2C the evidence does not indicate that the Institution has sufficient staff to support teaching in this programme\'2C nor are they suitably qualified or experienced.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 2\'2C 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. The Institution clarified the WIL experience and the various assessments to monitor student progress. While the process seems clear\'2C the staff appointed to act as WIL assessors do not seem to be qualified\'2C and the lecturer that is responsible for WIL is not qualified for teaching in this programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\'2C 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. The Institution indicates that it will appoint additional staff members once the programme is accredited\'2C which seems acceptable. However\'2C the existing staff profile is not acceptable\'3A staff are not suitably qualified or experienced to offer and support the quality of a PGCE \'28Senior Phase and Further Education and Training Teaching\'29.\line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. The Institution indicates that it will appoint trained and experienced assessors\'2C but no evidence of appointed assessors has been provided to substantiate the capabilities\'2C experience and qualifications of assessors as the current staff profile does not provide evidence of adequate and qualified persons in this regard. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}