{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1169\'2FE001CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Association of Business Executives \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Business Management \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 748 Richards Drive\'2C Elite Park\'2C Block B1\'2CFirst Floor\'2C Midrand\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Association of Business Executives \'28ABE\'29 is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is apparently affiliated to the ABE in the United Kingdom and seeks to establish a South African footprint.\line \line On its HEQC-Online Institutional Profile\'2C the institution has indicated the following\'3A\line - Under \'27Existing or New\'3F\'27 - Existing institution\'3A A higher education institution whose programmes has been accredited by the HEQC and is registered by the Department of Education as a private higher education institution.\line - Under \'27Main goals of the institution\'27\'3A To be the international first-choice awarding organisation in the arena of business and entrepreneurship. \line \line The concept of an \'27awarding organisation\'27 might have different connotations depending on the context of the country \'28UK\'2FSA\'29 and its legislative framework. \line \line The Institution is currently applying for accreditation of the Diploma in Business Management which will be offered in the distance mode of delivery at the Midrand\'2C Johannesburg\'2C Main Campus. \line \line This is the first application from the Institution.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The programme is in line with the mission of the institution. \line \line The programme comprises four compulsory NQF Level 5 modules in the first year of study and two NQF Level 5 modules in the second year of study\'2C as well as two compulsory NQF Level 6 modules in the first year of study and three compulsory NQF Level 7 modules in the second year of study. One NQF Level 7 module is included in the curriculum of the first year of study. One compulsory NQF Level 6 module is prescribed for the second year of study\'2C as well as three compulsory NQF Level 7 modules. There is one NQF Level 7 module that is compulsory for the third year of study. The rules of combination and progression rules are not provided. The rules of combination as per the SAQA submission are not aligned with the curriculum\'2C e.g. the SAQA submission refers to a Business Management Pathway that is not clear from the HEQC submission. \line \line The reading list provided is for the Diploma in Professional Marketing 2016\'2F17\'2C which is not applicable to the Diploma in Business Management. Various articulation options are provided - all of them refer to UK University Partnerships\'2C such as Middlesex University\'2C Richmond American University in London\'2C Northumbria University\'2C University of Bedfordshire\'2C etc. The HEQC submission indicates the following regarding articulation\'3A \'E2\'80\'9CThe possibilities of this programme is that it will give candidates global competitive advantage\'2C in other words\'2C they can work locally and international.\'E2\'80\'9D The institution must provide both vertical and horizontal articulation possibilities applicable to the institution and higher education institutions in South Africa. The Directorate notes that the reading list is for a Diploma in Professional Marketing and is not relevant to this programme. A new list has to be provided.\line \line The Admission Policy refers to the admission requirements for the Foundation Certificate\'3B no admission information is included pertaining to Diploma qualifications. The Admissions Policy also refers to an equity admission policy indicating that the focus will be on students from socially and economically disadvantaged backgrounds. The RPL Policy includes national guiding principles and the RPL process\'2C but no information is provided regarding the 10\'25 rule. No enrolment planning is provided nor any information on the envisaged RPL intake per cohort.\line \line With regard to staffing\'2C no CVs of academic staff members responsible for this programme are available\'3B only the names and allocated modules. According to the submission\'2C five full-time academic staff members will be responsible for this programme. The curriculum comprises 36 compulsory and elective modules\'2C but the mentioned five staff members are responsible for only 16 modules between them. The academic staff member responsible for Operations Management and Advanced Project Management holds an Honours in Industrial Psychology \'E2\'80\'93 Project Management very seldom\'2C if ever\'2C forms part of the curriculums of qualifications in Industrial Psychology. The institution does not give any information regarding the full-time and part-time profiles of academic staff members. The CV of the programme coordinator is provided\'2C but according to this CV the incumbent is the COO of an organisation other than the institution. He holds a Master\'E2\'80\'99s in Public Administration as highest qualification\'2C which is not applicable to a Diploma in Business Management. The workload model of the institution is based on the prescribed guidelines of SAQA \'2830\'3A1\'29\'2C but no information is provided to verify the workload of academic staff members at the institution. No CVs are available for the administrative and support staff\'2C nor any profile \'28full-time vs part-time\'29. The institution must provide the CVs of the administrative staff responsible for the administration of this particular programme\'2C as well as the profile of the administrative and support staff members. \line \line The institution is referred to as a \'27university\'27 on several occasions in this policy document\'2C which is not the case\'3B this matter should be addressed and rectified. In addition\'2C mention is made of the Vice-Chancellor being responsible for the employment equity plan. However\'2C a vice-chancellor does not form part of the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s organisational structure \'E2\'80\'93 no evidence is available in this regard. One example of an employment contract is provided referring to Destiny Village. The Institution should clarify the role of Destiny Village.\line \line The teaching method is based on contact learning\'2C classroom based training and online learning \'28self-study\'29. However\'2C the summary of the programme information indicates the programme as distance-based\'3B the discrepancy regarding the mode of delivery should be clarified supported by appropriate evidence in this regard. The learning outcomes of only 13 modules are available. The NQF Levels of these modules are not similar to the NQF Levels indicated per the submission\'2C e.g. Digital Marketing Strategy and Strategic Human Resource Management. The learning outcomes of all modules must be submitted\'2C as well as the correct NQF Level per module. \line \line Student support includes an individual learner support programme\'3B students absent from class with valid reasons will receive individual tutoring. In addition\'2C a mentoring programme is available\'2C divided into three levels. The first level includes a primary mentor who provides advice and support to students on a one-on-one basis\'3B the secondary mentor provides support complementary to the primary mentor and the third level of support entails psycho-social support. Very little\'2C if any\'2C information is provided to explain the monitoring of student progress\'3B instead an outline of the assessments are provided. Complaints by students are dealt with by the facilitator or training manager. \line \line A cost projection is provided\'3B however it is not clear whether this projection is based on the South African campus or whether is a UK-based cost projection. As per this cost projection\'2C a loss of R70 336 000 is foreseen. No mention has been made of counselling services.\line \line Assessment comprises either assignments or examinations\'2C but not both\'3B assessment information is only available for 13 modules. All these assessments are summative assessments. As per the HEQC- submission\'3A \'E2\'80\'9CFormative assessment is provided through an evaluation of the assignments prior to submission and through other tasks set by SADC for learners as a means of gaining experience of assessment practices and procedures.\'E2\'80\'9D The Institution should provide more specific information regarding formative assessments per module. All the assessments\'2C both assignments and examinations are set by the UK institution with the same name. No information is provided regarding internal and external moderation procedures and processes. An Assessment Materials Assessment Committee \'28AMEC\'29 monitors the assessment process and assessment briefs provided by the institution with the same name in the UK. The institution-SADC have procedures in place to preserve timely integrity of examination papers when they are received\'2C stored\'2C distributed and returned once the assessments are completed.\'E2\'80\'9D No detail information is provided regarding these measures. It is mentioned that students may appeal or request an enquiry about results \'28EAR\'29. No policy documents outlining the appeals process are provided.\line \line The only information available pertaining to infrastructure is that \'E2\'80\'9Cthere is a fully fledged training centre in place which consists of classrooms\'2C library\'2C computer labs and offices.\'E2\'80\'9D Regarding the library\'2C it is mentioned that there are sections for Business Management Research\'2C K-studies\'2C and historical evidence on the development of the Business Management industry. The Directorate wishes to note that. The training provided to staff and students in IT-related matters include Introduction Microsoft Office 2016\'2C Advanced Microsoft Excel 2016\'2C Computer Basics and System support. The same costing projection\'2C referred to in Criterion 5\'2C is provided for this criterion. Provision is made for computer equipment for training and staff purposes\'2C office rental and electricity. The Health and Safety Certificate is dated 14 August 2012\'3B a recent certificate must be submitted. The Certificate refers to the physical site as Hlanganani Office which is not similar to the address of the site of delivery. The institutional agreement refers to the Destiny Village Institute. According to the website of Destiny Village Institute it is an enterprise operating in the ICT sector. The institution must provide clarity of the relationship between Destiny Village and the institution. The address of the institution as indicated is the same street address than Destiny Village\'2C but the submission refers to Elite Park.\line \line The Management Information System used is Integra\'2C used by the institution in the UK. It is a SQL database system\'2C cloud-based and hosted by the European Union. The interface with the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s MIS is a Microsoft GUI based system with integrated LMS functionality. Learner data includes the full name\'2C date of birth\'2C gender\'2C qualification and module registration\'2C qualification level and address. A membership number is generated automatically once a learner has been registered. The Diploma certification procedures include results ratification\'2C the release of results\'2C appeals process\'2C information printed on a certificate and the issue of certificates. No information is provided regarding processes and procedures for the reprint of certificates in the policy document. However\'2C the submission confirmed that replacement certificates may be requested from ABE UK via the student portal. \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Business Management  \'28360 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1.Detailed information of the teaching model used for distance learning has not been provided. This includes evidence of the systems\'2C structures\'2C policies\'2C procedures for materials development\'2C quality assurance\'2C training of staff\'2C policy of assessment including both formative and summative assessments\'2C and mechanisms for student support.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion C\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 10.The internal and external moderation process has not been provided.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 11.The institution needs to clarify its relationship with ABE UK. The autonomy of the institution in South Africa needs to be clarified as well.\line \line The institution needs to clarify its relationship with SADC.\line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 12.The institution has made a distance delivery application\'2C yet the learning activities and teaching approach deal with contact learning. The mode of delivery has to be clarified.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1 - 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 13.The reading list is for a Diploma in Professional Marketing and is not relevant to this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2.Detailed processes and procedures used for the monitoring student progress have not been provided. The Institution did not explain their processes and procedures to identify at-risk students and how they would assist these students. \line \line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 5 \'26 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. Security measures and procedures for the courier of certificates from London to SA have not been provided in detail.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. The address indicated on the Occupational Health and Safety Certificate is not the same as the address in the the submission and the Certificate expired in 2013.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. The assessment structure for the programme is not clear as no assessment policy and the implementation thereof were not provided. \line \line \line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 6. The programme design has critical weaknesses in the following areas\'3A\line \line It includes several Level 7 modules which is not allowed in this qualification type. Some of these Level 7 modules appear in the first year at Level 5.\line \line The combination and progression rules of the programme have not been clarified.\line \line The vertical and horizontal articulation opportunities applicable to the South African higher education environment have not been provided.\line \line Learning outcomes have not been provided for all modules\'2C both compulsory and elective.\line \line \line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 7. The relevance of the admission requirements for the Diploma and the South African higher education environment is not clear and the enrolment plan was not provided.\line \line \line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 8.The academic staff members provided don\'27t link to all the modules. A workload model has to be provided with the names\'2C status \'28full-time\'2Fpart time\'29\'2C relevant qualifications\'2C experience\'2C the modules responsible for and the hours\'2Fworkload.\line \line \line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3 \'26 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 9.The institution has not provided any evidence to indicate that it has sufficient resources to deliver the programme.\line \line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 7 and 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}