{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 6th October 2020\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR041\'2FE043CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Lyceum College\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Intermediate Phase Teaching\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 132\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 0 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Success House\line 1st\'2C 3rd\'2C 5th\'2C 6th\'2C 7th and 11th floors\line 02 Melle Street\'2C\line Braamfontein\'2C\line Johannesburg.\line 2000\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Lyceum College is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private higher education institution and has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution applied for accreditation of the Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Intermediate Phase Teaching which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 10th of March 2020 and HEQC meeting held on the 7th of April 2020.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. The CESM indicated does not reflect an Intermediate Phase Teaching programme and is not in line with the MRTEQ \'28section 12.11\'29. \line 2. The curriculum does not meet minimum HEQSF requirements for the PGCE \'28Advanced Diploma\'29 as it does not provide for a minimum of 120 credits at NQF Level 7. Three modules\'2C albeit elective modules\'2C are offered at NQF Level 5 implying that students opting for these will not be able to present 120 credits at Level 7. \line 3. The programme design includes inconsistencies and information in all the documents are not consistent. The minimum credits for this programme are 132. While it is clear that some students may complete more credits than the minimum \'28depending on electives\'29\'2C the Institution should explain what constitutes the 132 minimum credits. There is also inconsistency in the number of credits allocated to some of the compulsory modules. The module descriptor document provides an overview of the modules\'2C content\'2C and competencies acquired per module. However\'2C the descriptor for Creative Arts Teaching has been omitted\'2C and the credit allocation for some modules \'28e.g. Economic and Management Sciences Teaching\'29 is not consistent in the application and the module descriptor.\line 4. The Home Language teaching specialisations are not presented in a coherent manner and it would appear that students who are not Afrikaans Home Language speakers will carry a greater credit load. English and isiZulu speakers may be disadvantaged in terms of a higher credit load and a Home Language module that is not all students\'27 Home Language.\line 5. The application indicates that the programme is not offered as a full-time programme\'2C but as a part-time programme over a minimum of two years. The programme outline lists all the modules in a single year of study. This contradicts the part-time nature of the programme\'2C and the rules of progression are not evident. \line 6. It is evident that the Institution does not supervise or assess the Work-Integrated Learning but leaves it to the school where the student will conduct the WIL. There is no evidence of how quality of the teaching experience or assessment will be guaranteed.\line 7. The admission requirements and selection criteria do not meet minimum requirements as specified in the HEQSF or MRTEQ \'28cf. MRTEQ Section 12.11\'29.\line 8. The enrolment figures were estimated for a graduating cohort after four years\'2C while this programme has a minimum period of two years part-time study. \line 9. The curriculum requires that students complete a compulsory Afrikaans Home Language module thus limiting the widening of access as explained. \line 10. Lyceum does not have the academic staff to offer the programme as staff qualifications do not relate to the modules that they are assigned to teach and the full-time staff were also indicated to teach on the PGCE \'28SP and FET\'29. There are six modules that have not been assigned to any staff. While the qualifications of staff are listed in the application\'2C it could not be verified as most of the CVs for staff involved in this programme were not available on the institutional profile.\line 11. A qualified programme coordinator has not been appointed.\line 12. The information provided in terms of assessment in the PGCE \'28Intermediate Phase\'29 is not enough and assessment of WIL in the programme has also not been indicated as the information provided refers to a four-year undergraduate BEd programme and not a PGCE.\line \line The Institution submitted a representation which has been evaluated.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The programme can be accredited but with prior to commencement conditions. Due to the length of the reasons for non-accreditation\'2C these have not been rewritten but summarized as per the reasons by numbering\'3A\line 1. MRTEQ15 states that the first qualifier is Postgraduate Certificate in Intermediate Phase Teaching\'3B Abbreviation\'3A PGCE \'28Intermediate Phase Teaching\'29\'3B second qualifier must indicate subject specialisations\'2C for example\'2C Maths \'2F History\'2C etc. \'28MRTEQ15\'3A page 29\'29. This will remain as a condition.\line 2. A maximum of 15\'25 of the credits \'2872 credits\'29\'2C pegged at Level 5\'2C may be allocated to fundamental learning. The Institution has complied but it should be set as a condition that\'2C if students enter the programme with fundamental competence\'2C there cannot be a straightforward RPL. Credits must be utilised in other areas of their learning programme at any level.\line 3. With regard to the programme design inconsistencies\'2C the credit distribution has been explained and amended. All inconsistencies have been addressed suitably with the appropriate number of credits assigned to disciplinary\'2C pedagogic\'2C practical and situational learning. A revised SAQA form\'2C and all accompanying module information\'2C has been provided. \line 4. The issue of Afrikaans as a Home Language for non-Afrikaans speakers has been addressed. Afrikaans is now an elective.\line 5. The Institution has made the necessary changes to indicate that the duration of study is one year for full-time students and three years for part-time students. This has been addressed.\line 6. With regard to the supervision of WIL\'2C the Institution has indicated that it does take responsibility for the supervision and assessment of WIL. The WIL policy has been provided and evidence of the partnership agreement with schools. Assessment takes place through the Mentor Teacher\'E2\'80\'99s Assessment Report\'2C the Student Self-Assessment Report and Final Classroom Assessment Report \'28Portfolio of Evidence \'E2\'80\'93 POE\'29. The Mentor Teacher\'E2\'80\'99s Assessment Report and Student Self- Assessment Report are submitted to the WIL Coordinator for evaluation and shared with the Assessor. While this aspect of WIL has been addressed in terms of the technicalities in the management of WIL\'2C the Institution still needs to address some aspects of the assessment. \line 7. Admission and selection criteria are now aligned with the HEQSF and the MRTEQ. A revised SAQA form has been provided.\line 8. An updated enrolment plan has been provided which is now deemed acceptable by the evaluator.\line 9. The issue of Afrikaans being compulsory as the Home Language has been addressed as indicated in 4 above. It is now an elective.\line 10. The Institution has provided an updated academic staff list of full-time and part-time staff and staff CVs attached to the Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Intermediate Phase Teaching. Where the Institution lacks academic staff capacity\'2C a recruitment process will be executed. The full complement of staff still has to be appointed - while the core staff for the PGCE are available\'2C the rest are still to be appointed. \line 11. A qualified programme coordinator has been appointed. This is deemed appropriate.\line 12. Although the Institution has sufficiently addressed WIL for this qualification and its related assessment\'2C the amount of assessment in the qualification\'2C which was raised as a concern\'2C has not been specifically addressed. This is set as a condition.\line \line Based on the above\'2C it is recommended that the programme should be accredited with prior to commencement conditions.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Postgraduate Certificate in Education in Intermediate Phase Teaching \'28132 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. MRTEQ15 states that the first qualifier is Postgraduate Certificate in Intermediate Phase Teaching\'3B Abbreviation\'3A PGCE \'28Intermediate Phase Teaching\'29\'3B Second qualifier must indicate subject specialisations\'2C for example\'2C Maths \'2F History\'2C etc. \'28MRTEQ15\'3A page 29\'29. The title must be corrected.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. Although a maximum of 15\'25 of the credits \'2872 credits\'29\'2C pegged at Level 5\'2C may be allocated to fundamental learning \'28MRTEQ15\'2C page 25\'29\'2C there is still a compliance issue. These credits cannot be advanced towards the awarding of the qualification through recognition of prior learning. If the student does enter with foundational competence in any of these areas\'2C credits must be utilised in other areas of their learning programme at any level\'2C even at Level 8 if appropriate\'2C to ensure a high-quality learning programme and develop excellence in teaching. This must be addressed.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 3. Although the Institution has sufficiently addressed WIL for this qualification and its related assessment\'2C the amount of assessment in the qualification\'2C which was raised as a concern\'2C has not been specifically addressed. Clear information must be provided to address the specifics of assessment for the qualification.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1 and 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}