{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH04\'2FE169CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Durban University of Technology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Postgraduate Diploma in Public Administration\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Riverside\line 19 Aberfeldy Road\line Scottsville\line Pietermaritzburg\line 3209\line \line ML Sultan Campus\line 41\'2F43 Centernary Road\line Durban\line 4001\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Durban University of Technology is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training \'28DHET\'29 as a public higher education institution and has programmes that are accredited by the Council on Higher Education \'28CHE\'29.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Postgraduate Diploma in Public Administration programme \'28H\'2FH04\'2FE169CAN\'29 which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at Riverside - Pietermaritzburg and ML Sultan Campus - Durban \line \line The Institution is currently offering the following accredited programmes\'3A \line \line - Advanced Diploma in Public Administration - H\'2FH04\'2FE030CAN \line - Diploma in Public Administration - H\'2FH04\'2FE029CAN \line - Higher Certificate in Public Administration - H\'2FH04\'2FE114CAN\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator indicated that the programme in terms of Criteria 1 and 5 comply with minimum requirements for accreditation\'2C but that the programme in terms of Criteria 2 and 6 was deemed to be in need of improvement. Concerns expressed in terms of criteria 3\'2C4\'2C 7 and 8 will be addressed by the QA office of DUT. The Directorate recommends that the programme is accredited with conditions.\line \line The mission of DUT is to excel through a conducive teaching and learning environment\'2C excellence in learning and teaching\'2C technology transfer and applied research\'3B and external engagement that promotes innovation and entrepreneurship through collaboration and partnership. The context of DUT is transformation\'2C reconstruction and development\'2C in line with national policy. The Institution is responsive to the needs of its environment and the community and is student-centred. \line \line The programme comprises of seven NQF Level 8 modules\'2C of which three are compulsory modules and one is an elective. The credit values of the compulsory modules are 24\'2C 36 and 28 credits respectively\'2C whereas the elective modules comprise of 32 credits each. The programme comprises of 120 credits in total. The learning activities include the following\'3A Lectures\'3A 30\'25\'3B Independent self-study of standard texts and references\'3A 30\'25\'3B Independent self-study of specially prepared materials\'3A 10\'25\'3B Other\'3A 30\'25 \'28include independent self-study of standard texts and references as well as independent research\'29. Some of the assessments for the other modules may also require independent research. The exit level outcomes of the programme are appropriate to the programme. \line \line A Quality Assurance Policy is available\'2C including amongst other\'2C the process for programme review and evaluation\'2C the process for the design of new programmes\'2C etc. Apart from a complete module outline document for each module\'2C the Institution submitted a Draft Handbook 2021 for the PGDip in Public Administration outlining the departmental and programme rules\'2C as well as the curriculum for the programme. The reading list is provided including the prescribed textbooks for all the modules. Progression rules do not apply to this programme. The vertical articulation possibilities of the qualification are the Master of Management Sciences \'28Public Administration\'29 at DUT or any cognate NQF Level 9 programme such as the Master of Public Administration offered by UKZN. Horizontal articulation possibilities include cognate NQF Level 8 qualifications\'2C e.g. the Postgraduate Diploma in Management Sciences at DUT\line \line The admission and selection criteria adhere to current legislation and are commensurate with the programme\'E2\'80\'99s academic requirements. According to the HEQC-submission\'2C admission may take place via RPL\'2C and not more than 10\'25 per cohort will be admitted to the programme via the RPL route. The RPL policy provided includes the process and procedures of the RPL process\'2C relevant definitions\'2C RPL criteria\'2C responsibilities of relevant university authorities\'2C but no information is provided about the 10\'25 rule. The RPL Policy explains the purpose of the policy\'2C the roles of the RPL Administrator\'2C faculty officers\'2C heads of departments\'2C executive deans\'2C the RPL candidate as well as the evaluation and monitoring of the RPL process.\line The planned enrolment for this programme are 80 students for 2021 and 2022 each\'2C 88 for 2023\'2C 104 for 2024 and 2025 each\'3B these enrolment figures are supposedly total enrolment figures and not per site of delivery. However\'2C the planned enrolment per site of delivery as well as the envisaged RPL intake per site of delivery must be submitted. According to the submission on the HEQC portal\'2C \'E2\'80\'9CDUT is fully committed to redressing the inequalities of the past\'2C and aims to be an accessible centre of excellence for previously disadvantaged students.\'E2\'80\'9D\line \line A document containing guidelines for the teaching and learning is available. The teaching methods for the programme will be lectures\'2C workshops\'2C group work\'2C presentations\'2C assignments\'2C projects and cases studies. However\'2C group work does not form part of the learning activities \'28Refer to Criterion 1\'29\'2C which should be included for the programme. Assistance to students includes an orientation session at the beginning of each semester for each student cohort. The orientation session also provides for library orientation \'28physical and electronic sources\'29\'2C and information provided by the Student Clinic\'2C Student Counselling Services\'2C and the Academic Writing Centre. Student progress is monitored by individual lecturers. When deemed fit and required\'2C a lecturer may refer a student with challenges to Student Counselling Services. Lecturers may also use the ITS O-Track software to track underperforming students.\line \line All the modules are evaluated towards the conclusion of a module by means of a Subject Evaluation Questionnaire\'2C as well as by a Lecturer Evaluation Questionnaire. All these data are processed by the Centre for Quality Promotion and Assurance \'28CQPA\'29 and made available to programme leaders and lecturers for their use. The same study material is used for both sites of delivery\'2C and bi-annual programme committee meetings and quarterly subject committee meetings are to ensure that equivalent quality applies to both sites of delivery. These meetings are attended by staff of both sites of delivery.\line \line The Examinations procedures and Assessment Policy documents are available\'3A the Assessment Policy indicates that all assignments are aligned with the learning outcomes of modules. Assessment plans form part of the study guides including a schedule of assessments\'2C assessment criteria\'2C assessment rubrics\'2C assessment methods\'2C as well as weighting and timing of assessments. The module guide gives clear information on the assessments for all the modules. None of the modules include final examinations\'3B the assessments include a test \'2850\'25\'29\'2C a case study \'2825\'25\'29 and a group assignment \'2825\'25\'29 for all the modules\'2C except for the Public Sector Research Project. The moderation process is described in the Assessment Policy. The Assessment Plans are internally moderated\'2C as well as the summative assessments. All modules must be externally moderated by \'E2\'80\'9Ca peer with the minimum of a masters\'E2\'80\'99 degree or equivalent as approved by the Faculty Board.\'E2\'80\'9D All exit level modules must be externally moderated. No CVs of external moderators are available. As per institutional policy\'2C lecturers are required to provide detailed and constructive feedback on all formative assessments. The Assessment Policy for the programme will be monitored and evaluated by means of regular departmental meetings with the support of CELT. Lecturers are required to give written feedback to students within two weeks of the submission of assessments. Feedback is also provided in class and per pre-prepared rubrics.\line \line A Postgraduate Admissions Policy outlines the process for admissions and registration regarding postgraduate students\'2C as well as RPL amongst other. This policy document does not provide for the 10\'25 RPL rule. A Postgraduate Student Guide for 2018 is also available. A Research Policy is provided including the objectives of research at DUT\'2C the evaluation and monitoring of research\'2C research management and support\'2C research leave\'2C amongst other.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Postgraduate Diploma in Public Administration \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line The Institution should include group work in its list of learning activities\'2C seeing that it forms an important part of the programme. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\'2C 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line The Institution should specify the envisaged RPL intake per cohort per site of delivery for this programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}