{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH07\'2FE209CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql University of Johannesburg\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Engineering Technology Honours in Civil Engineering\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Doornfontein Campus\line Cnr. Siemert and Beit Streets\line Doornfontein\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The University of Johannesburg \'28UJ\'29 is a public higher education institution with programmes that are accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Bachelor of Engineering Technology Honours in Civil Engineering programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 19th \'E2\'80\'93 21st November 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 14th of February 2019.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A \line \line 1. The programme has critical design weaknesses and the curriculum should be revised. Although it is claimed that the B Eng Tech \'28Hons\'29 can lead to a specialisation in Civil Engineering or Structural Engineering\'2C the list of compulsory modules limits the possibility for specialisation in either of these specialist fields. The claim that students will have a broad\'2C fundamentals-based appreciation of Engineering Sciences\'2C with depth in specific areas\'2C together with knowledge of financial\'2C commercial\'2C legal\'2C social and economic\'2C health\'2C safety and environmental matters are not supported by the modules included in the programme. There is no evidence that the students will have a working knowledge of \'E2\'80\'9Cfinancial\'2C commercial\'2C legal\'2C social and economic\'2C health\'2C safety\'E2\'80\'9D.\line \line 2. The Module Forms is insufficient to determine the scope and depth of the modules and needs to be amended. The module framework acts as a contract between the staff members and students. Without proper module frameworks\'2C the programme cannot be offered.\line \line 3. The submission does not provide any progression rule\'28s\'29 for progression through the programme.\line \line 4. The list of books do not distinguish between prescribed and recommended readings making it difficult to determine whether the books are relevant to the module. Some of the books do not seem to cover the topics.\line \line 5. The breakdown of the types of learning activities is inappropriate for this qualification in that 65\'25 of the time is dedicated to independent learning\'2C while 35\'25 is dedicated to lectures. No allocation is provided for tutorials\'2C group work and practicals. The learning activities should be distributed to allow students to work in groups \'28in tutorials and group projects\'29 so they can learn from each other.\line \line 6. The submission vaguely describes how the programme purpose and proposed curriculum contributes towards the 10 exit level outcomes. The submission document should show how each module will contribute towards attaining the exit level outcomes.\line \line 7. No budget is provided to indicate how staff members will be relieved from their current academic workload to develop course material.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the original application\'2C the reasons for the representation\'2C the HEQC recommendation not to accredit the programme and the representation submitted by the Institution and recommended that the programme be accredited with conditions.  The evaluator is of the view that the Institution provided detailed evidence and addressed most of the reasons for non-accreditation.\line \line In the recommendation made by the HEQC it was stated that the programme had critical design weaknesses and the curriculum should be revised. The Institution explained that the BEngTechHons \'28Civil Engineering\'29 has been designed in line with ECSA requirements in terms of the Bachelor of Engineering Technology Honours standard \'28Document EP-09-PT\'29 and its prescribed knowledge areas. In order to adhere to these requirements and while addressing the design component\'2C the University has removed the reference to a specialisation\'2C and has added one compulsory and one elective module relating to Design. The curriculum has been slightly re-designed to offer students options based on their career needs\'2C and future developmental progression to the MEng or other Master\'27s programmes. Design components are also contained within the other modules and six core modules are now compulsory\'2C and students may choose two out of seven electives.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme redesign presented in the representation allows for a broad-based curriculum in Civil Engineering\'2C depending on the choice of the two electives. This combination of modules will provide a sufficient base for the breadth and depth of the BEngTechHons degree. A concern\'2C however\'2C is that the programme only allocates 14 credits to the Research Project \'28cf. Annexure A in the representation\'29. The evaluator however confirmed that this was an error\'2C as Annexure B indicates that 42 credits are assigned to the Research Project. This must to be verified by the Institution prior to the implementation of the programme.\line \line In terms of the types of knowledge that should be included in the curriculum\'2C the Institution explained that the ECSA standard for the Bachelor of Engineering Technology Honours does not include \'22financial\'2C commercial\'2C legal\'2C social and economic\'2C health\'2C safety\'22\'2C contrary to the BEng standard \'28E-02-PE\'29 that requires students to be exposed to such areas. However\'2C these aspects are covered in detail in the undergraduate Bachelor of Engineering Technology modules\'3A Contract Management\'2C Project Management and Management 1. The ECSA\'27s Qualification Standard for Bachelor of Engineering Technology Honours\'3A NQF Level 8\'2C E-09-PT\'2C Rev 4 dated 24 March 2016\'2C states in the preamble that graduates should have a broad\'2C fundamentals-based appreciation of Engineering sciences\'2C with depth in specific areas\'2C together with knowledge of financial\'2C commercial\'2C legal\'2C social and economic\'2C health\'2C safety and environmental matters. The evaluator indicated that ECSA explicitly states that these topics should be covered in the BEngTechHons degree\'2C it means that these topics should be covered at a higher level as opposed to the BEngTech. \line \line The Directorate notes the evaluator\'27s concern but is of the view that the programme has been approved by ECSA. The reference in the preamble of the ECSA qualification standard refers to graduate attributes and knowledge\'2C not necessarily to the content of the programme. ECSA has already approved the programme\'2C content\'2C outcomes and graduate attributes and therefore confirmed that the programme meets the minimum ECSA requirements. From the information provided\'2C it can be determined that reason 1 has been addressed. However\'2C the Institution needs to clarify the difference in the credits that have been assigned to the research module \'28cf. Annexure A and Annexure B of the representation\'29.\line \line The HEQC recommendation stated that the Module Forms were insufficient to determine the scope and depth of the modules and needs to be amended. The module framework acts as a contract between the staff members and the students. Without proper module frameworks\'2C the programme cannot be offered. The Institution provided the necessary module information. The evaluator confirmed that the amended module information provides detail in terms of the NQF level\'2C the module purpose and module outcomes and assessment. The module content seems applicable for the BEngTechHons programme and the modules are pitched at a higher level compared with the BEngTech degree. The evaluator indicated that the module content is at an appropriate level. \line \line In the HEQC recommendation it was stated that the submission did not provide any progression rule\'28s\'29 for progression through the programme. The Institution explained that there are no pre-requisite modules and no rules of progression in the programme. They regard this as common practice in a 120-credit qualification where all modules and outcomes are on the same level.  The evaluator noted UJ\'27s response but indicates that it is unclear when students can commence with their Research Project and what fundamental knowledge is required. Students\'2C for example\'2C might find it difficult conducting an experimental investigation without completing \'22Experimental Design and Statistical Methods\'22. Therefore\'2C there must be some form of progression rules or pre-requisite modules. The Institution needs to clarify whether students will be sufficiently prepared for a Research Project at Honours Level\'2C if no specific pre-requisite knowledge\'2C theory and competencies are required.\line \line Another concern raised by the HEQC stated that the list of books did not distinguish between prescribed and recommended readings making it difficult to determine whether the books are relevant to the module. Some of the books did not seem to cover the topics. In the representation\'2C the Institution explained that this is a postgraduate qualification that requires independent work and research. Student readings are of a diverse nature and cover the span of modules\'2C considering the interest areas of the student. An updated list of prescribed and recommended readings was provided for each module. The evaluator confirmed that the prescribed textbooks and recommended textbooks seem sufficient and appropriate for the modules at this level. The reason for non-accreditation has been addressed.\line \line Another HEQC recommendation specified that the breakdown of the types of learning activities were inappropriate for this qualification in that 65\'25 of the time would be dedicated to independent learning\'2C while 35\'25 is dedicated to lectures. No allocation was made for tutorials\'2C group work and practicals. The learning activities should be distributed to allow students to work in groups \'28in tutorials and group projects\'29 so they can learn from each other. The Institution reviewed the breakdown of learning activities\'2C specifically to foster teamwork and to address the exit level learning outcomes. The evaluator indicated that the updated learning activities \'28Section 1.5 of the submission\'29 for the programme now seems appropriate\'2C which will benefit students by working in groups and learning from one another. The evaluator indicated that the information that was submitted has addressed the reason for non-accreditation.\line \line The Institution was informed that the submission vaguely described how the programme purpose and proposed curriculum contributes towards the 10 exit level outcomes. The submission document should show how each module will contribute towards attaining the exit level outcomes. The Institution submitted a detailed summary to indicate how the respective modules contribute to the achievement of the exit level learning outcomes. They also indicate in which modules the specific ECSA learning outcomes will be assessed. The evaluator indicated that sufficient evidence has been provided and that reason 6 has been adequately addressed. \line \line Lastly\'2C the Institution was informed that the no budget was provided to indicate how staff members would be relieved from their current academic workload to develop course material. In response\'2C the Institution explained that it does not anticipate any additional expense or budget required to develop learning material by lecturers\'2C as this work forms part of their employment with the University. Academic workload is allocated taking into account numerous aspects that include teaching\'2C research\'2C administration and community engagement. The School of Civil Engineering and the Built Environment can make use of additional capacity from the Department of Civil Engineering Science to assist with module development for this programme. Where excessive workload is identified\'2C an ad-hoc temporary budget will be made available by the Faculty.\line \line Also\'2C the University has PQM approval from the DHET\'2C and therefore confirmed that UJ may offer the programme\'2C and has verified that it has the necessary resources - including human and infrastructure.\line \line The evaluator is of the view that since no budget was provided the Institution should show which staff members will be responsible for the development of the new modules and how this forms part of their workload to ensure that the module development will take place. This will also aid in establishing whether the staff members hold an appropriate qualification and experience. The Directorate notes the evaluators concern but confirms that UJ is a public institution. Public institutions do not submit information on staff members and infrastructure \'28only sign a declaration\'29\'2C and programmes are approved for PQM purposes via the DHET. Hence\'2C no information staff members are needed for this programme. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme is accredited with conditions.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Engineering Technology Honours in Civil Engineering \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The Institution should clarify the difference in the credits that have been assigned to the research module \'28cf. Annexure A and Annexure B of the representation\'29. According to Annexure A\'2C the programme only allocates 14 credits to the Research Project \'28cf. Annexure A in the representation\'29\'2C while Annexure B assigns 42 credits to the Research Project. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}