{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR1134\'2FE001CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Western Cape Government College of Emergency Care\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Emergency Medical Care\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Premises of Tygerberg Hospital\'2C Mike Pienaar Boulevard\'2C Bellville\'2C 7531\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Western Cape Government College of Emergency Care is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes that are accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Higher Certificate in Emergency Medical Care programme \'28H\'2FPR1134\'2FE001CAN\'29 which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at the Main Campus - Premises of Tygerberg Hospital\'2C Mike Pienaar Boulevard\'2C Bellville\'2C 7531.\line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of a Diploma in Emergency Medical Care programme \'28H\'2FPR1134\'2FE002CAN\'29 which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery.\line \line This is the first application from the Institution.\line \line It should be noted that the Institution is a Public College and the declaration of the Public Colleges is awaiting ministerial decree in terms of the change of status as higher education institutions.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator found that the programme in terms of all the criteria to be assessed comply with the minimum requirements and recommended that the Higher Certificate in Emergency Medical Care programme should be accredited. \line \line The evaluator indicated that the proposed programme is aligned with the vision\'2C mission and values of the Western Cape Government College of Emergency Care. The programme forms part of the three-tier model of Emergency Care Education developed by the National Department of Health and the Professional Board for Emergency Care \'28PBEC\'29 of the Health Professions Council of South Africa \'28HPCSA\'29.   The evaluator noted that the programme was developed by the HPCSA to produce a mid-level worker who is able to provide emergency care services in settings ranging from rural\'2C disadvantaged communities to sophisticated\'2C highly technological urban areas.  It is also pointed out that the programme is intended to replace the Ambulance Emergency Assistant Course\'2C currently offered by the Institution.  Being an entry-level qualification\'2C graduates will be provided with the foundational knowledge\'2C skills and insights to enable further study in the field of Emergency Medical Care.  \line \line The evaluator also stated that the programme is aligned with the requirements of the Professional Board for Emergency Care \'28PBEC\'29 of the HPCSA and graduates will be eligible to register with the HPCSA as Emergency Care Assistants. It is noted that the programme has national and international credibility and is comparable to qualifications offered in countries such as the United States of America\'2C Australia and the United Kingdom.  \line \line The programme will be presented as a contact programme\'2C over one year\'2C on a full-time basis.  The evaluator indicated that the proposed programme meets the HEQSF requirements of a HC at NQF level 5 with a total of 132 credits.  The design of the programme maintains an appropriate balance between theoretical\'2C practical and experiential knowledge and skills. The programme is coherently planned and assessment techniques will contribute to ensure sufficient theoretical and practical knowledge and skills.  Foundational\'2C practical and reflective competencies are developed. \line \line The mode of delivery is contact learning\'2C with approximately 55\'25 of learning time contributed to contact sessions. Different types of learning activities are contained in all the modules\'2C in order to relate to different learning styles of students. The evaluator also stated that exit level outcomes are clearly stipulated and aligned with the purpose of the qualification\'2C as well as with assessment criteria. The learning outcomes in each module are clearly defined and are aligned with the teaching and learning activities. \line \line Experiential learning \'28WIL\'29 contributes 30\'25 of learning time and is offered as the Clinical Practice module\'2C contributing 36 credits to the programme. Other modules also contain elements of WIL\'2C which the evaluator indicated as applicable to a professional qualification of this nature and aligned with the requirements of the Professional Board.  Workplace-Integrated Learning \'28WIL\'29 has been well organized\'2C and the Institution proposed that it will be supervised and appropriately assessed.  The WIL coordinator will be responsible for all aspects of Experiential Learning and has clearly defined roles.  Students will be supervised by qualified and experienced clinical practitioners\'2C registered with the HPCSA.  A multilateral agreement exists between the WCG COEC\'2C the Cape Peninsula University of Technology\'2C the University of the Western Cape\'2C the University of Cape Town\'2C Stellenbosch University and the Department of Health of the Western Cape Government\'2C to ensure placement of students in accredited workplaces during WIL. The evaluator also noted that the Institution receives sufficient financial support from the Western Cape Government Department of Health to successfully deliver the programme. \line \line The programme proposes vertical articulation to a Diploma in Emergency Care or a Bachelor Degree in Emergency Medical Care.  Horizontal articulation will be possible with other Allied Health Sciences related programmes. \line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme will be marketed internally and externally. Admission and selection of students adheres to the current national legislation.  The selection criteria include a semi-structured interview\'2C as well as medical and physical fitness screening and is appropriate for the nature of the programme and the degree of complexity of learning that is required.  Recognition of Prior Learning \'28RPL\'29 will be taken into account and is governed by the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s RPL Policy and guidelines. The planned enrolment is an annual intake of 40 students per year.  \line \line As far as staffing is concerned\'2C the evaluator stated that an adequate number of adequately and appropriately qualified and experienced academic and support personnel are available to deliver the programme.  An appropriately qualified and experienced Programme Coordinator will be responsible to manage successful programme delivery.  His roles and responsibilities are clearly defined. Policies are in place to ensure continuous development of staff members.  Various opportunities exist for further training\'2C and staff members are encouraged to attend Emergency Medicine conferences. \line \line The evaluator also confirmed that the recruitment and appointment of academic and support personnel will occur according to legislation and the policies are in place to govern these appointments.  The evaluator\'2C furthermore\'2C stated that an adequate number of academic staff members are available to deliver the programme.  The ratio of lecturers to students of 1\'3A10 to 1\'3A15 meets the HPCSA requirements and is adequate for the nature of the programme and the field of study.  During WIL\'2C a maximum of two students will be supervised by each Emergency Medical Care practitioner. The workload distribution of academic staff members is monitored by the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s Deputy Principal.  \line \line The evaluator stated that the Teaching and Learning Strategy promotes a student-centred\'2C outcomes-based approach that encourages independent and lifelong learning.  It furthermore emphasises the role of experience and active learning\'2C as well as the principles of Behaviourism\'2C through patient simulations and objective structured clinical examinations. The programme has a contact mode of delivery.  A variety of teaching methods will be used in order to accommodate different styles of learning.  These include lectures\'2C student presentations and group discussions\'2C while utilizing real-world contextual examples from paramedic practice.  Experiential Learning methods include case reflections\'2C narrative reports and student case presentations.  The continuous development of staff members is ensured and supported by the Institution and students are well supported by various means\'2C such as constantly updated learning materials\'2C access to libraries and computer laboratories.  Lecturers and the Programme Coordinator have set consultation times to provide academic support.\line \line The student cohort in this programme will be divided into smaller groups and assigned to a specific lecturer\'2C who acts as a coach or mentor to the students. Lecturers may refer students to the Western Cape Provincial Independent Counselling and Advisory Services \'28ICAS\'29 for support with non-academic matters\'2C if required. During WIL students are supported by means of constant supervision\'2C frequent meetings with clinical practitioners or mentors\'2C as well as contact with academic staff members during regular visits. \line \line The evaluator also indicated that measures are in place to identify at-risk and under-performing students early. Formative assessments and the learner management system serve to monitor student progress and identify at-risk students early.  In addition\'2C the Programme Coordinator will receive regular feedback from the weekly small-group support meetings. \line \line The evaluator indicated that provision will be made for both formative and summative assessment in this programme.  All assessment practices are aligned with the WCG COEC Assessment Policy\'2C to ensure fair\'2C valid and reliable assessment. The learning outcomes\'2C assessment criteria and assessment methods are provided to students in the student guide for each module. Timely feedback is provided to students on all formative\'2C as well as summative assessments\'2C in accordance with the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s policy. Formative assessment opportunities include various assessment methods\'2C such as clinical skills assessments\'2C peer group evaluations and presentations.  \line \line Summative assessments include methods such as written tests and\'2For examinations\'2C VIVA VOCE examinations\'2C assignments\'2C reflective practice reports\'2C reflective practice journals\'2C simulations in structured learning environments\'2C case studies and objectively structured clinical evaluations \'28OSCEs\'29.  In addition to these assessment methods\'2C WIL will be assessed by means of case reflections\'2C a portfolio of evidence and preceptor reports as well. \line \line Internal and external moderation of assessments will occur in accordance with the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s policies. Exit level modules will be externally moderated by adequately and appropriately qualified and experienced moderators\'2C in accordance with HPCSA accreditation criteria. Moderators are appointed by the Deputy Principal or Principal for a period of two years. The evaluator also indicated that policies are in place to deal with aspects like appeals\'2C settling of disputes\'2C cheating and plagiarism. It is also noted that\'2C in accordance with the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s assessment policies\'2C all academic staff members will be trained as assessors.  Reviews will include aspects such as reports from external moderators\'2C informal peer reviews and feedback from students.   \line \line The evaluator also found that the WCG COEC has the necessary infrastructure to successfully deliver the programme. This includes various furnished and well equipped classrooms with sufficient seating capacity\'2C college breakaway rooms\'2C seminar rooms\'2C as well as a counselling room and a boardroom\'2C equipped with teleconferencing- and video conferencing systems. In order to facilitate experiential learning\'2C the Institution has two fully equipped practical laboratories\'2C consisting of dedicated simulation rooms and one isolated skills room. Each laboratory is equipped with high-fidelity manikins\'2C each with Advanced Life Support simulation capability via remote control\'2C as well isolated skills trainers\'2C in addition to all the training equipment prescribed by the Professional Board for Emergency Care of the HPCSA. A fully equipped computer laboratory with fiber and WiFi internet connectivity contains 40 computers.  All staff members involved in the programme has access to the necessary electronic equipment\'2C such as personal desktop and laptop computers and internet access.  IT support is provided by an appropriately trained IT support staff member.  Students and staff members have access to library facilities and resources at WCCN.  The library will acquire the necessary learning materials relevant to the programme.  Upgrade of the current library management system is underway. The evaluator also noted that the Institution adheres to health and occupational safety regulations. \line \line The programme has a dedicated administrative support staff complement.  Student and staff members files are maintained in hard copy\'2C as well as electronic format\'2C aligned with the Western Cape Government Human Resources Compliance toolkit. Security measures are in place. Files are password protected and accessible only to dedicated administrative staff\'2C the Principal and the Deputy Principal of the Institution. Assessment results are electronically captured by the Programme Coordinator into a management information system.  However\'2C the Management Information System \'28MIS\'29 is under development as a joint initiative with the WCCN and supported by the Western Cape Department of Health. Policies and procedures are in place to govern certification. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme should be accredited with conditions. \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Emergency Medical Care \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The Institution should provide evidence of HPCSA endorsement before the commencement of offering the programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 2. A site visit will be conducted by the CHE in due course to verify that the Institution has the capacity\'2C infrastructure and resources in place to offer quality higher education programmes.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1-8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}