{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPN003\'2FE002CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Western Cape College of Nursing \'28WCCN\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Nursing\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Boland Overberg Campus\line WCCN Boland\'2FOverberg Nursing College\line Renier Street                                                                                    \line Worcester\line 6850\line \line \line Main Campus-Metro West\line Western Cape College of Nursing\line Klipfontein road\line Heideveld\line Athlone\line 7764\line \line \line Southern Cape Karoo\line Southern Cape Karoo Nursing Campus\line 1 Herrie Street \line George\line  6530\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Western Cape College of Nursing \'28WCCN\'29 is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is applying for accreditation of the Higher Certificate in Nursing programme which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at the following campuses\'3A\line \line - Boland Overberg Campus - Worcester \line - Main Campus-Metro West - Athlone\'2C Cape Town \line - Southern Cape Karoo \'E2\'80\'93 George\line \line The Institution has also applied for accreditation of the following programmes which are still in process\'3A\line \line - Bachelor Degree in Nursing \'28H\'2FPN003\'2FE003CAN\'29\line - Diploma in Nursing \'28H\'2FPN003\'2FE001CAN\'29.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The Higher Certificate in Nursing provides students with a thorough grounding in the knowledge\'2C skills\'2C attitudes and values consonant with the nursing profession and the ability to apply these to workplace contexts. On successful completion of this programme\'2C the learner is eligible for registration with the South African Nursing Council as an Auxiliary Nurse. \line \line The programme is consonant with the institution\'E2\'80\'99s mission and forms part of institutional planning and resource allocation. The evaluator indicated that the programme meets minimum requirements \'28HEQSF \'26 SANC\'29 and meets the needs of students and other stakeholders. \line \line The programme comprises 120 credits at NQF Level 5 that are completed over one year of full-time study. The modules and content comply with Reg.169 of the South Africa Nursing Council. The programme is intellectually credible\'2C and the programme design is sound and articulates well with other relevant programme\'2C such as the Diploma in Nursing.\line \line The evaluator questions the learning time that has been allocated to independent learning. The HCert \'28Nursing\'29 is a contact programme that requires 39\'25 contact time. According to section 1.5\'2C only 1\'25 of learning time has been allocated to independent self-study of standard texts and references\'2C while 1\'25 has been allocated to independent self-study of prepared materials. This programme is based on 120 credits\'2C and therefore provides for 1200 notional learning hours. Theoretically\'2C 39\'25 contact time implies that students spend 468 learning hours in contact learning settings \'28WIL excluded\'29\'2C and only 24 hours on self-study assignments and class preparation. The Directorate notes that 74 credits are assigned to WIL \'28cf. section 1.10\'29. This is 61\'25 of the programme\'2C while section 1.5 indicates that 57\'25 of learning time is allocated to WIL. The institution is required to justify the limited learning time that provides for independent self-study\'2C and clarify the ratio of WIL\'2C face-to-face sessions and independent learning. The institution should review the percentage learning time assigned to WIL\'2C to align sections 1.5 and 1.10.\line \line The admission criteria adhere to current legislation and are commensurate with the programme\'E2\'80\'99s academic requirements. Students who do not meet these admission requirements may be considered for admission if they meet the conditions of the institution in terms of Recognition of Prior Learning \'28RPL\'29. The RPL process is subject to institutional policy and handled by a dedicated RPL unit.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the academic staff members are appropriately qualified and have relevant experience and competence in facilitation of learning and assessment. Opportunities exist for staff to develop their knowledge and skills and many academic staff are engaged in further education as is evidenced in CVs that were uploaded. The WCCN have adequate managerial\'2C academic and support staff to support this programme on the three campuses where the programme will be offered. The staff are employed by the Provincial Government Western Cape Department of Health and guided by the Skills Development Act\'2C and a Workplace Skills committee oversees implementation. Quarterly reports are submitted to People Development at provincial level. Staff development plans are communicated to all skills development officers who disseminate it to employees.\line \line The institution places the empowerment of students at the forefront as is evidenced in the uploaded teaching and learning strategy document. The evaluator indicated that the teaching and learning strategy is appropriate for a Nursing Education Institution\'2C and the programme\'2C with adequate provisioning of teaching resources such as classrooms and seating. There is constructive alignment which is defined as the approach in teaching and learning where the components of the process are interlinked to promote active student participation in the understanding of content to enhance learning. A constructivist approach to learning is practised and facilitation of learning will be done by means of lectures\'2C case studies\'2C group work\'2C tutorials\'2C debates and independent study\'2C as well as problem-based learning.\line \line Clinical learning comprises supervised and mentored clinical placements\'2C demonstrations and practice in a clinical skills laboratory\'2C completion of portfolios\'2C and clinical case studies. These will assist in the development of excellent clinical skills and sound clinical reasoning.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the institution has established institutional systems and mechanisms in place to monitor student progress\'2C evaluate the programme and improve\'2C or maintain\'2C the quality of the programme. \line \line Assessment is in line with the teaching and learning strategy\'2C and subject to the institutional assessment policy. Assessment of students\'27 performance is by means of continuous\'2C formative and summative assessments throughout the year. The WCCN makes provision for deferred\'2Fsupplementary assessment. A student who fails or defers the Primary assessment has the opportunity to take the Supplementary or Deferred assessment opportunity. This assessment will have the same content\'2C format\'2C marks and duration as the Primary assessment. Internal and external moderation procedures and policies are in place.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the institution has adequate infrastructure and library resources to support the programme on the three campuses. All campuses have a library and is serviced by at least one librarian. In addition to the classrooms for contact sessions\'2C the library and the group discussion rooms\'2C the students also make use of the computer lab in the library. It provides additional space for students doing assignments or those studying. Furthermore\'2C the library benefits from Wi-Fi technology.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the WCCN and CPUT was in an agency agreement from 2005 to end 2017 with the intention to merge the WCCN into the CPUT structures. The NEI received an 18 Million budget from the Provincial Government Western Cape \'28PGWC\'29 to replace CPUT infrastructure and upgrade facilities and equipment. The Western Cape Department of Health\'3A CFO Finance\'2C Western Cape Department of Health\'3A Director Information Management and the Western Cape Premier\'27s office Centre for E \'E2\'80\'93 Innovation EG4C are assisting to procure and establish the required IT infrastructure. The planned programme administrative systems seem to be sufficient\'2C but a site visit is required to determine whether this will be in place prior to offering the programme.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme meets minimum requirements but questions the percentage learning time that has been allocated to the various learning activities. \line \line The Directorate reviewed the application and added to the conditions\'2C and feels that a site visit is required to establish whether the library\'2C infrastructure and programme administrative are in place prior to offering the programme \'28given the transitional status of the WCCN and the upgrading of infrastructure and programme administrative services\'29. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme be accredited with conditions and be subject to a site visit.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Nursing \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. While 39\'25 learning time has been allocated to face-to-face learning\'2C only 1\'25 of learning time has been allocated to independent self-study of standard texts and references\'2C and 1\'25 has been allocation to independent self-study of prepared materials. Theoretically\'2C 39\'25 contact time implies that students spend 468 learning hours in contact learning settings \'28WIL excluded\'29\'2C and only 24 hours on self-study assignments and class preparation. The institution is required to justify the limited learning time that provides for independent self-study\'2C and clarify the ratio of WIL\'2C face-to-face sessions and independent learning.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2.  The Directorate notes that 74 credits are assigned to WIL \'28cf. section 1.10\'29. This is 61\'25 of the programme\'2C while section 1.5 indicates that 57\'25 of learning time is allocated to WIL. Review the \'25 learning time assigned to WIL\'2C to align sections 1.5 and 1.10.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 3. The NEI received an 18 Million budget from the Provincial Government Western Cape \'28PGWC\'29 to replace infrastructure and upgrade facilities and equipment. The planned upgrades seem to be sufficient\'2C but a site visit is required to determine whether this will be in place prior to offering the programme. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 7 \'26 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}