{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR355\'2FE006CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql The Swiss Hotel School\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Advanced Certificate in Kitchen Management\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Turaco House\line 33 Bond Street\line Ferndale\line 2194\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Swiss Hotel School is a private higher education Institution registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution has applied for the accreditation of an Advanced Certificate in Kitchen Management which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 2nd of October 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 8th of November 2018.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line - The institution should reconsider the name of the qualification\'3B Documentation frequently refers to food production and food operations and has very little management focus\'3B only 25\'25 of the total credits contribute to management\'2C i.e financial management \'28mainly accounting\'29 and resource management. The Institution should consider renaming the programme to Advanced Certificate in Food Production or Food Operations or Advanced Certificate in Kitchen Operations or include dedicated modules which focus on management.\line - There exists a lack of coherence between Exit Level Outcomes\'2C Module Outcomes and the alignment with the appropriate SAQA level descriptors.\line - The Institution indicates that the modules Resources Management 1\'2C 2 \'26 3 and Supervision of Food Production Process 1\'2C 2\'2C 3 \'26 4 are offered over a number of years or levels of study which is not possible in a one level 120 credit qualification.\line - The module credit allocation is inconsistent and no clear differentiation is made between practical training and WIL.\line - The articulation possibilities of this programme is not clearly described.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The Advanced Diploma in Kitchen Management aims to empower successful chefs to move into supervisory and managerial positions\'2C to respond to a long term need articulated by industry employers to improve and develop their employees\'2C and to contribute to sustainable growth in the SA tourism and hospitality sector.\line \line The Institution has applied for the accreditation of an Advanced Certificate in Kitchen Management which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 2nd of October 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 8th of November 2018.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. The institution should reconsider the name of the qualification\'3B Documentation frequently refers to food production and food operations and has very little management focus\'3B only 25\'25 of the total credits contribute to management\'2C i.e financial management \'28mainly accounting\'29 and resource management. The Institution should consider renaming the programme to Advanced Certificate in Food Production or Food Operations or Advanced Certificate in Kitchen Operations or include dedicated modules which focus on management.\line 2. There exists a lack of coherence between Exit Level Outcomes\'2C Module Outcomes and the alignment with the appropriate SAQA level descriptors.\line 3. The Institution indicates that the modules Resources Management 1\'2C 2 \'26 3 and Supervision of Food Production Process 1\'2C 2\'2C 3 \'26 4 are offered over a number of years or levels of study which is not possible in a one level 120 credit qualification.\line 4. The module credit allocation is inconsistent and no clear differentiation is made between practical training and WIL.\line 5. The articulation possibilities of this programme is not clearly described.\line \line Condition 1\'3A\line \line The institution should reconsider the name of the qualification\'3B Documentation frequently refers to food production and food operations and has very little management focus\'3B only 25\'25 of the total credits contribute to management\'2C i.e financial management \'28mainly accounting\'29 and resource management. The Institution should consider renaming the programme to Advanced Certificate in Food Production or Food Operations or Advanced Certificate in Kitchen Operations or include dedicated modules which focus on management.\line \line In response to condition 1\'2C the institution indicated that they prefer not to change the name but are willing to do so if it is a condition for accreditation. If it is a condition for accreditation\'2C they will change the name to Advanced Certificate Kitchen Operations.  A thorough explanation was provided why the original name was decided upon. The explanation includes the history of the culinary industry where there always was a split between the culinary professions. The name Kitchen Management will be understood by all those at whom the programme is targeted.  \line \line The learning outcomes targeted in the original application are all in support of the professional chef\'2Fcaterer seeking promotion into or improved performance in a managerial position. According to the institution all the modules focus on activities that differentiate a manager\'3Fs job.  \line \line The modules were explained as follows\'3A \line \'3F Ensuring Food Safety is a responsibility placed on kitchen managers by the Occupational Health \'26 Safety Act \'28\'2385 of 1993\'29 Ensuring compliance is a responsibility of managers and thus a management task in the industry. \line \'3F Food \'26 Beverage Marketing \'3F is a management activity that comes with promotion. \line \'3F Global Influences on eating and drinking \'3F is a module vested in research encourages chefs to expand their horizons\'2C think globally and seek out new trends. The module also deals with real issues which in the lifetime of the younger chefs will become massive issues.\line \'3F Menu Planning \'3Fis a central activity undertaken by senior kitchen personnel only which is central to the planning and organisation phases of Food \'26 Beverage Management. \line \'3F Financial responsibilities \'3F is not about accounting. Most hospitality businesses employ full time accountants. However\'2C as a key line manager\'2C the kitchen head is responsible for financial performance. The kitchen manager needs to understand how the metric is calculated and in the event of a negative variance how to take systematic corrective action. This module will be the reason employers agree to sponsor staff studying this qualification in the knowledge that improved performance in this aspect alone will repay their investment many times over. \line \line According to the institution all the modules are based around increased understanding of the working environment\'2C managerial actions and problem-solving activities within the professional kitchen.  \line \line The evaluator indicated that the institution provided evidence to support their choice.  By evaluating the evidence and especially the target market which is existing chefs looking to improve their knowledge of managerial theory and performance\'2C the original qualification name of Advanced Certificate in Kitchen Management is suitable.  The minimum standards for Criteria 1 are met.\line \line Criterion 2\'3A\line There exists a lack of coherence between Exit Level Outcomes\'2C Module Outcomes and the alignment with the appropriate SAQA level descriptors.\line \line In the response of the institution they clarified the lack of coherence.  An explanation is provided on how in the design of the qualification the needs of each exit level outcome are addressed in a separate module.  The module Outcomes constitute the Exit level Outcomes.  Each outcome is further explained through Associated Assessment Criteria. The \'3Fsoft skills\'3F which must be acquired and demonstrated in completing this qualification are set out in the Critical Cross Field Outcomes. \line The institution further acknowledged that they made a mistake in section 1.6 where the heading should have been The Programme purpose \'28not Outcomes\'29. The institution reviewed all the exit level outcomes\'2C and recognised that some of the wording should be changed to make it better aligned with NQF 6.\line \line The institution provided clarification on the lack of coherence. They acknowledged that the wording used in some of the modules are not aligned with NQF 6 and changed the wording to make it more relevant. They further provided the Module outcomes\'2C Associated Assessment Criteria and the critical cross field outcomes which are suitable for a NQF 6 qualification.  From the evidence available to me the minimum standards for Criterion 1 was met.\line Criterion 3\'3A  \line The Institution indicates that the modules Resources Management 1\'2C 2 \'26 3 and Supervision of Food Production Process 1\'2C 2\'2C 3 \'26 4 are offered over a number of years or levels of study which is not possible in a one level 120 credit qualification.\line The evaluator indicated that the institution explained that the numbers created confusion and a suitable explanation was provided for the misunderstanding.  The minimum standards for Criterion 1 were met.\line \line Criterion 4\'3A  \line The module credit allocation is inconsistent\'2C and no clear differentiation is made between practical training and WIL.\line \line In response to Criterion 4\'2C the institution indicated that they allocated credits on the basis of notional hours. i.e. they anticipate the student will need twice as much time to complete the 20 credit module as they will a 10 credit module. Resource Management and Supervision of Food Production Process form the largest parts of the programme with respect to content covered and time allocated. Hence them having more credits assigned. \line \line Regarding the differentiation between practical training and WIL\'2C the institution replied that the application is for a qualification which is achieved through contact theoretical learning \'3F Originally conceived as a 1 year commitment \'284 days per month for 10 months\'29 and more recently as a 2 year programme \'284 days per month every second month\'29. It is important to note that there is no practical training for this qualification. There is no cooking\'2C practical exam\'2C or internship. It is a qualification aimed at existing chefs looking to improve their knowledge of managerial theory and performance. However\'2C there is an element of WIL implicit in the delivery. It is envisaged that key research projects and assignments are targeted at analysing and making improvements in their own working environment. \line \line E.g. in Ensuring Food Safety students having learned about the legal imperatives and systematic approaches to ensuring safety \'28HACCP\'29 will be tasked to analyse the response of their own company\'2C makes recommendations for improvement and discuss and get feed-back from their employer before submitting this in a document for the school to assess. \line This approach does constitute WIL as it is defined in WIL\'3A Good Practice Guide\'2C August 2011\'2C CHE.\line Page 17 3.4.2 Problem based learning \line \'3Fmore common is problem oriented learning which involves the inclusion of real world scenarios for problem based activities\'2C assignments\'2C projects and so on\'3F\line Page 18\'2C 3.4.3 Project based learning\line \'3FProject Based Learning \'28PJBL\'29 involves learning through projects. Projects can be real projects located in the world of work. Such projects generally involve elements of research and the supervision by both a university lecturer and workplace supervisor or mentor\'3F\line \line In table 1.5 of the input document this category of activity was inserted in the fourth row \'3F \'3FPractical workplace experience \'28experiential learning\'2Fwork-based learning\'2C etc.\'29\'3F where it seemed to fit best. 20\'25 of notional hours \'28240\'29 being a reasonable estimate of the time needed to complete 4 of these \'3Fspecial\'3F assignments.\line The evaluator noted that the explanation of the institution of how the credits were allocated are relevant and suitable for the qualification.  The qualification is aimed at existing chefs looking to improve their knowledge of managerial theory and performance. There is an element of WIL implicit in the delivery. It is envisaged that key research projects and assignments are targeted at analysing and making improvements in their own working environment which is seen by the institution as WIL.  The institution provided a reasonable description for this assumption.   \line \line Criterion 5\'3A\line The articulation possibilities of this programme are not clearly described.\line \line In response\'2C the institution indicated that articulation was discussed under Criterion 1. Specifically point 1.3 in the application form.  This is a new qualification which in itself provides a much-needed vertical articulation opportunity for a large number of NQF level 5 certificate holders with few viable study choices. This qualification is the next stage in the modular chef development programme devised by SHS and will be of interest to students who have achieved a Higher Certificate in either \'28or both\'29 of Professional Cookery and Pastry and Bakery.\line \line The evaluator confirmed that the articulation possibilities of the programme are described in detail and that there are a number of opportunities for.  The Swiss Hotel School has signed a Memorandum of Cooperation with Business and Hotel Management School \'28BHMS\'29 in Lucerne\'2C Switzerland which provides for graduates of this qualification to be admitted to the final year of their BA in Culinary Arts. The institution also sees courses of UJ and CPUT as articulation possibilities.\line \line In summary\'2C the institution provided sufficient information to clarify the concerns and addressed the reasons for non-accreditation\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Advanced Certificate in Kitchen Management \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}