{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 14th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH21\'2FE062CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql University of Witwatersrand\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Postgraduate Diploma in Management \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Univ. of the Witwatersrand\line University of the Witwatersrand\'2CJohannesburg\line Jorrisen Street\line Braamfontein\line 2050\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The University of Witwatersrand \'28WITS\'29 is a public higher education Institution registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and also has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution has applied for accreditation of the Postgraduate Diploma in Management programme which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 11th of March 2019 and the HEQC meeting held on the 11th of April 2019.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. The programme has critical design weaknesses in terms of the following\'3A\line - The programme name\'2C purpose\'2C and exit level outcomes do not align with the curriculum and the intended target market.\line - The curriculum is overtly in the field of Public Management and is not consistent with the generic management outcomes and the name of the programme.\line - A number of the module outcomes are not at the appropriate academic or cognitive level as they are not aligned to NQF level 8 Level descriptors.\line 2. The Institution has submitted an application that does not have a clearly explained Distance Education Strategy that will be applied for the offering of this programme. Although it is stated that the programme will run alongside the contact learning programme\'2C and that it will be adapted for distance learning\'2C it is not clear how this will be achieved and managed\'2C nor is it clear that this will not increase the existing staff member workload to unmanageable levels. \line \line NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line \line - The rules and procedures pertaining to Postgraduate Diplomas should be developed.\line - The RPL Policy provided is a progress report for the HEQC submitted in 2005 and requires updating.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator states that criteria 1\'2C 2\'2C 3\'2C 4\'2C 5\'2C 7\'2C 8\'2C and 9 do not comply \'28DNC\'29\'3B while criteria 6 and C are in need of improvement \'28NI\'29.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Postgraduate Diploma in Management  \'28120 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. Programme design NI\line The evaluator noted this criterion as DNC. Reasons for this decision are explained below\'3A\line \line The evaluator was satisfied that the programme was consonant with the institution\'C3\'A2\'E2\'82\'AC\'E2\'84\'A2s mission \'28msi\'29.\line \line The evaluator noted that this programme already offered as a contact programme now sought permission to offer it through the distance mode. In doing so\'2C the institution intended expanding its intellectual engagement beyond the borders of South Africa and through using the distance mode of delivery.\line \line According to the evaluator\'2C the curriculum design lacks clarity. The total credit weight for the programme is 120 of which students do 4 compulsory modules worth 15 credits each. For the remaining 60 credits\'2C students are expected to choose from 7 elective modules worth 15 credits each and from 2 worth 30 credits each. This was identified as a weakness in the curriculum design and which the institution was required to address. \line \line In line with demonstrating the design weakness of the curriculum\'2C the evaluator raised concerns regarding the focus and exit level outcomes of the programme. The evaluator further observed that the module learning outcomes focus on the public sector but that this was not the case with the exit level outcomes.\line \line Reasons for non-accreditation of the programme included the curriculum design weakness. The institution\'2C according to the Representation Report was sufficiently addresses and considered as meeting the minimum required standards for Criterion 1\'3A Programme Design.\line \line The Directorate is however concerned that the evaluator in completing the Representation Report indicated that the programme name had been changed to Postgraduate Diploma in Public Management but did not provide any evidence to demonstrate this observation and compliance. By not providing supporting evidence\'2C there is uncertainty regarding the process followed in changing the name of qualifications. This is a formal process. \line \line In the interest of administrative fairness\'2C the Directorate recommends that the evaluator review the Representation Report and provide the supporting evidence to demonstrate the recommendations made.\line \line The Directorate therefore notes this criterion as NI.\line \line \line Criterion 1\'3A Programme Design\line \'C3\'A2\'E2\'82\'AC\'C2\'A2 The Representation Report evaluator must provide the necessary supporting evidence to demonstrate that curriculum design weakness had been addressed\line \'C3\'A2\'E2\'82\'AC\'C2\'A2 The Representation Report evaluator must provide the necessary supporting evidence to demonstrate that the programme name change is in line with formal institutional and statutory requirements\line \'C3\'A2\'E2\'82\'AC\'C2\'A2 The Representation Report evaluator must provide the necessary supporting evidence to demonstrate that the focus of the programme and the exit level outcomes are aligned\line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. Student recruitment NI\line The evaluator noted this criterion as DNC. Reasons for this decision are explained below\'3A\line \line The evaluator noted that the admission requirements for this programme are a completed NQF level 7 Bachelor qualification or its equivalent but was concerned that the institution did not satisfactorily substantiate how the sentence \'E2\'80\'9Cshould be achieved at a level that gives the applicant a reasonable chance if reaching the specified outcomes\'E2\'80\'9D should be understood. In this respect the evaluator asked for clarification of the \'E2\'80\'9Clevel to be achieved\'E2\'80\'9D.\line \line The evaluator observed that the Admission Policy of the institution included a commitment to fair and transparent admission practices and aimed to comply with current diversity and equity targets. \'28ms ii \'26v\'29\line \line According to the evaluator admission criteria for the programme were aligned with requirements for a postgraduate diploma or certificate and that rules pertaining to this were adequately explained. \'28ms iii\'26 iv\'29\line \line The evaluator noted with concern that the RPL policy provided was a progress report intended for the HEQC and did not adequately meet the requirements of demonstrating flexibility of entry into this programme.\line \line The evaluator raised concerns regarding the planned enrolment for this programme. This concern was related to the capacity needed to respond to the aspiration of enrolling 800 students per annum. To demonstrate\'2C the evaluator requested clarity on the meaning of \'E2\'80\'98entry point\'E2\'80\'99 and suggested that the institution provide an enrolment plan of three years and which includes details of envisaged RPL intake. \'28ms iv \'26v\'29\line \line The Directorate agreed with the evaluator that the institution provide its current RPL Policy as evidence of flexible access. The Directorate also shared the evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s concerns regarding the enrolment plan and targets. \line In addition to this\'2C the Directorate raised concerns regarding the programme offered through distance learning. This mode of delivery\'2C the Directorate emphasised needs appropriate expertise and rigorous admission processes and learning and teaching support to ensure a quality programme.\line \line The Directorate shared the evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s concerns but not the decision of DNC and would note this criterion as NI.\line \line \line \line \line Criterion 2\'3A Student Recruitment\'2C Admission and Selection\line \'E2\'80\'A2 The institution must provide supporting evidence to demonstrate that flexible access through RPL is determined by policy\line \'E2\'80\'A2 The institution must provide relevant supporting evidence to demonstrate that the enrolment plan for this programme is in line with institutional policy\'2C respects current legislation and that it has the capacity to deliver a quality programme through distance learning\line \line \line Criterion 2\'3A Student Recruitment\'2C Admission and Selection\line \'E2\'80\'A2 The institution must provide supporting evidence to demonstrate that flexible access through RPL is determined by policy\line \'E2\'80\'A2 The institution must provide relevant supporting evidence to demonstrate that the enrolment plan for this programme is in line with institutional policy\'2C respects current legislation and that it has the capacity to deliver a quality programme through distance learning\line \line \line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. Staffing MMS\line As a public institution\'2C the University of Witwatersrand is not required to provide data on staffing as its quality assurance office is tasked with ensuring implementation. This criterion is thus deemed to be accredited.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. Teaching and learning strategy NI\line The evaluator scored this criterion as DNC. Reasons for this decision are explained below\'3A\line \line The evaluator was concerned that the information submitted by the institution did not sufficiently address delivery of this programme through distance mode of delivery. Though the institution indicated that this programme would run alongside the programme offered through contact learning\'2C it was not clear what strategies and mechanisms would be implemented for an online distance programme. \line \line According to the Representation Report evaluator the institution adequately addressed the concerns raised by the HEQC. To support this\'2C the evaluator specifically mentioned the implementation of a partnership with Higher Education Partners \'28HEP\'29\'2C a contract for a new pilot LMS that would exclusively apply to the online environment and the piloting of 4 modules specifically developed for the online environment. In addition to this\'2C the Wits School of Governance developed an online version of the renamed Postgraduate Diploma in Public Management. This was in accordance with a an appropriate teaching and learning strategy for distance learning.\line \line The Directorate was concerned that sufficient information regarding academic and administrative staff competence for distance education learning was not provided. This needs to be clearly indicated and demonstrated.\line \line The Directorate notes that though the institution provided information regarding the technology used to support teaching and learning\'2C adequate staff availability and competence was not demonstrated. With the result that this criterion is marked NI.\line \line Criterion 4\'3A Teaching and Learning Strategy\line \'E2\'80\'A2 The institution must provide information regarding the technology used to support teaching and learning and demonstrate adequate staff availability and their competence in supporting distance learning\line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql The institution must provide information regarding the technology used to support teaching and learning and demonstrate adequate staff availability and their competence in supporting distance learning\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. Student Assessment Policies and Procedures NI\line The evaluator indicated this criterion as NI. Reasons for this are presented below\'3A\line \line According to the evaluator assessment techniques used in the programme were in line with institutional policies on assessment. This was evident from the information provided on types of assessments used in the programme. The evaluator noted that according to the Senate Policy on the Assessment of Student Learning\'2C 50\'25 of the formative assessment had to contribute to the final mark of any course\'2Fmodule. Furthermore\'2C the Policy stated that at least 30\'25 of the assessments that contributed to the final mark had to be externally examined. This was in line with moderation requirements stipulated by the criterion on assessment.\line \line The evaluator observed that as required by the institutional policy on assessment students received feedback on assignments before students moved on to subsequent assignments. The evaluator further noted that class tests were used to determine student progress.\line \line The Directorate accepts that formative assessment techniques are essential in determining student progress but is concerned about how class tests for example would be used in a distance learning context. Where distance is the mode of deliver\'2C assessment techniques must be commensurate and the Directorate does not class tests as ideal in monitoring student progress. \line \line For reasons indicated\'2C this criterion is noted as NI.\line \line \line Criterion 5\'3A Student Assessment\line \'E2\'80\'A2 The institution must demonstrate that formative assessment techniques used to monitor student progress are in line with distance learning\line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql The institution must demonstrate that formative assessment techniques used to monitor student progress are in line with distance learning\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 6. Infrastructure and library MMS\line As a public institution\'2C DUT is not required to provide data for this criterion as its quality assurance office is tasked with ensuring implementation. This criterion is thus deemed to be accredited.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 7. Programme administrative services MMS\line As a public institution\'2C DUT is not required to provide data for this criterion as its quality assurance office is tasked with ensuring implementation. This criterion is thus deemed to be accredited.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 8. Postgraduate Policies\'2C regulations and procedures MMS\line As a public institution\'2C the University of the Witwatersrand does not have to provide data for this criterion as its quality assurance office is tasked with ensuring implementation. This criterion is thus deemed to be accredited.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 9. Postgraduate Policies\'2C regulations and procedures NI\line \line The evaluator scored this criterion as DNC. Reasons for this decision are explained below\'3A\line \line The evaluator raised concerns about the institution not providing information related to the administrative services to support this programme. \line \line According to the evaluator\'2C the Senate Standing Orders on Higher Degrees does not make adequate provision for Postgraduate Diplomas \'28level 8\'29. This\'2C the evaluator argued\'2C possible pertained to this qualification not including a research component.\line \line The Directorate\'2C albeit for different reasons\'2C agreed with the evaluator that the institution does not meet the minimum standards for this criterion. To meet the conditions for this criterion\'2C the Directorate advises the institution to provide information related to how students registered for this qualification through distance education would be made aware of the policies and procedures regulating this qualification. T.his criterion is therefore noted as NI\line \line \line Criterion 9\'3A Postgraduate policies\'2C procedures\'2C regulations and procedures\line \'E2\'80\'A2 The institution must provide information related to how students registered for this qualification through distance education would be made aware of the policies and procedures regulating this qualification.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql The institution must provide information related to how students registered for this qualification through distance education would be made aware of the policies and procedures regulating this qualification.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql C. Programme offered through distance education DNC\line The evaluator scored this criterion as DNC. Reasons for this decision are explained below\'3A\line \line The evaluator raised concerns regarding concerns related to the institution\'E2\'80\'99s capacity to offer this programme through distance education. The Academic Development Unit \'28ADU\'29\'2C the evaluator noted\'2C specialised in performing its tasks for the contact education environment but its ability to extend this to the distance education one was not demonstrated. \line \line Quality assurance\'2C the evaluator noted\'2C are available through university wide policies and procedures. The Centre for Learning\'2C and Teaching Development \'28CLTD\'29\'2C the evaluator observed offers workshops on online teaching and learning on a regular basis.\line \line The Directorate agreed with the evaluator that this criterion does not comply with the minimum standards but not for the same reasons. The Directorate raised its concerns with regards to the following\'3A\line There is no supporting information to indicate that the quality assurance policies and procedures used university-wide are appropriate for offering the programme through distance education. Similarly\'2C there is no information to demonstrate that the online workshops provided by the CLTD \'28Centre for Learning and Teaching Development\'29 fulfil the requirements for distance education. Nor is there sufficient evidence to show that that online student support available is appropriate for distance education.\line \line The Directorate considers this criterion as DNC as the institution is a contact institution intending to expand its programme offering to distance education as well. In this respect\'2C it had to specifically address its policies and procedures related to distance education.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}