{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR058\'2FE009CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Berea College of Technology \'28previously known as Durban Computer College\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Hospitality Management \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 368\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Tourist Junction\line 160 Monty Naicker Road\'2C Durban 4001\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Berea College of Technology \'28previously known as Durban Computer College\'29 is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a Private Higher Education Institution with programmes accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is currently applying for accreditation of the Diploma in Hospitality Management programme which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at Tourist Junction - 160 Monty Naicker Road\'2C Durban 4001.\line \line The Institution is accredited to offer the following programmes\'2C amongst others\'3A \line \line - Higher Certificate in Hospitality and Catering \line - Higher Certificate in Travel and Tourism. \line \line The Institution submitted seven programmes for evaluation during the 2018 re-accreditation process\'2C including the Higher Certificate in Hospitality and Catering and Higher Certificate in Travel and Tourism programmes. The Accreditation Committee \'28meeting held on 13 - 15 August 2019\'29 deferred the application for various reasons which are programme-specific and institutional. A site visit was set as a reason for deferral for the purpose of verification.The AC indicated that the site visit should be concluded during 2019.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The programme is in line with the mission of the institution. The proposed programme is designed to offer career focused education and training in the field of Hospitality Management. The purpose of the programme is to meet the requirements of the Hospitality Management field through the provision of conceptual and procedural knowledge\'2C core abilities\'2C competencies and skills supported by Work-Integrated Learning. \line \line The curriculum was purposefully aligned to the requirements of the hospitality industry and related fields of Catering and Tourism\'2C Business and Commerce and also benchmarked against qualifications both nationally and internationally to ensure relevance and reliability. The programme articulates vertically with any relevant cognate qualification at NQF Level 7 \'28for example Advanced Diploma in Hospitality Management currently in conceptualisation stage\'29 and horizontally with any relevant cognate qualification at NQF Level 6 \'28for example Diplomas offered at public and private Higher Education providers\'29. The qualification may articulate diagonally to other qualifications at NQF Level 7 \'28for example Bachelor\'E2\'80\'99s degrees and Advanced Diplomas in education\'2C management\'2C catering and tourism offered at public and private Higher Education providers\'29. The programme consists of 32 modules with proper progression between year levels. All modules are compulsory\'2C except four language modules at Level 5 that are electives. The institution has budgeted for the development of the programme.\line \line The admission requirements for the Diploma in Hospitality Management adhere to current legislation of a National Senior Certificate \'28NSC\'29 with a Diploma endorsement\'2C and English \'28home language\'29 or English \'28first additional language\'29\'3A a minimum rating of 4\'2C and\'2For a Senior Certificate\'3A a minimum symbol of E for English on the higher grade\'2C or D for English on the standard grade\'2C and\'2For National Certificate \'28Vocational\'29\'3A a minimum of 40\'25 for Communication or English\'2C and vocational subjects relevant to hospitality\'2Fcatering. It is envisaged that the projected intake for the first year will be 50 students\'2C for the second year 75 students and 100 students in the third year. This intake could only be possible if the institution\'E2\'80\'99s facilities are suitable for such a high number of students taking into consideration that there will be practical skills involved. Students will also be admitted via RPL. The marketing materials provided do not include any information about the programme with regard to admission\'2C policies\'2C and completion requirements. The only marketing material is a flyer to \'E2\'80\'9Clike\'E2\'80\'9D the institution\'E2\'80\'99s facebook page. As the hospitality industry is seen as a service industry\'2C it is important that prospective students know about the long working hours and demands of the industry before they enrol.  There should also be information on the type of person who would be suitable for the programme .  \line \line With regard to staffing\'2C  it is therefore also not possible to determine if the elective language modules in IsiZulu\'2C Mandarin\'2C French and German will be offered by suitably qualified and experienced staff. The CV of the programme coordinator was provided and she is suitable for the position. No evidence was provided regarding opportunities for staff to improve their qualifications or to enhance their competences.  It is stated that weekly workshops take place but no evidence was provided regarding this statement. No evidence was provided of induction opportunities for staff. The subject allocation was provided.  It is not advised that one lecturer should teach the same module for the three years as students only get one person\'E2\'80\'99s view on a module such as Accommodation I\'2CII and III.  The number of hours per module is not provided and therefore it is not possible to evaluate if the workload is realistic. Some lecturers teach seven \'287\'29 modules for this programme and could be involved in other programmes as well which will lead to an unrealistic and unfair workload. \line \line With regard to support services\'2C the institution has indicated that it has a full complement of support staff which comprises the following\'3A Quality assurance officer\'2C examinations officer\'2C academic administrator\'2C IT technician and administrator\'2C librarian\'2C student counsellor\'2C marketing consultants\'2C WIL coordinator\'2C and maintenance staff. However\'2C no information has been provided to support these positions.\line \line With regard to the teaching strategy\'2C the programme is delivered through contact classes and in meeting with the objectives of the mission which places emphasis on quality career-focused education and training. Lecturing staff introduce and employ a variety of teaching and learning methods and resources\'2C both inside and outside of the classroom\'2C to enthuse\'2C motivate\'2C challenge and involve students\'2C including\'3A interactive learning\'2C group discussion\'2C encourage peer learning\'2C traditional methods\'2C experiential learning\'2C Intelligent Questioning techniques\'2C practical activities\'2C interactive seminar- and tutorial-style sessions\'2C use of other interactive methods\'2Fresources\'2C and other constructive teaching methods. Lecturer and student evaluations are conducted to ensure that quality standards are upheld. Students are monitored through their performance in the formative and summative assessments. Attendance is an integral aspect which is directly linked to student performance. Support classes and counselling are some of the interventions that are used to improve performance levels of students. A proper appeals process is in place.\line \line Both formative and summative assessment methods will be used in the programme using a range of assessment methods and approaches. A process for the giving and receiving of feedback is an integral part of curriculum design. It is stated that integrated assessment will be used in the Research Techniques module where knowledge gained from other modules will be used to develop research questions. However\'2C the module Research Techniques is not in the Module list in Criterion 1 or in the workload model.\line \line The institution has eight lecture venues. These lecture venues can accommodate 50 students each. There are five \'285\'29 computer labs with each computer consisting of the following specs\'3A \'283.4 GHz processor\'2C 1 gig ram\'2C 500gig HDD \'29 windows 10 OS\'2C Software includes-visual studio\'2C web expression\'2C code blocks\'2C C\'2B\'2B\'2C Eclipse\'2C Microsoft office. There is a resource centre with prescribed and recommended textbooks for students to use to conduct further research. One kitchen would not be adequate when the envisaged number of 225 learners are enrolled.  The kitchen is probably also used for other programmes. There is no indication of the books and sources available in the library. No policies were provided for the management of the library. Students are inducted during student orientation on how to use the library efficiently and effectively. \line \line The Student Management Information System captures information such as the registration details of the student\'2C contact information\'2C qualification information\'2C financial details of the student\'2C library history of the student\'2C academic details such as assessment dates\'2C student guides\'2C assignment questions and interactive student blogs for students to interact with their lecturers. The Student Management Information System is password access controlled\'2C where users are provided access according to their job title. These security measures ensure that there is the integrity of assessment practices and certification.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Hospitality Management  \'28368 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line It is not possible to evaluate if the academic staff responsible for the programme are suitably qualified. The institution must provide CVs to indicate that staff have relevant experience and teaching competence\'2C and assessment competence for the nature and level of the programme.\line \line A list of positions and CVs of support staff must be provided to indicate adequate support services.\line \line No information has been provided regarding the induction and training of staff. More information is needed.\line \line The number of teaching hours have not been provided in the workload model and it is not possible to evaluate if the workload is realistic.\line \line The institution must clarify why the same person is teaching all levels of a particular subject.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3 \'26 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line It is stated that integrated assessment will be used in the Research Techniques module where knowledge gained from other modules will be used to develop research questions. However\'2C the module Research Techniques is not in the module list in Criterion 1 or in the workload model. The institution has to clarify the inclusion of this module and research techniques.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1 \'26 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line The draft marketing materials must be provided with all the necessary information required for prospective students.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line The institution must provide information on how the kitchen and restaurant facilities will be utilised to provide suitable opportunities for 225 students. There should be an indication of the use of the kitchen and restaurant for other programmes.\line \line The number of computers must be provided. There are 5 computer labs\'2C but there is no indication of stations per lab.\line \line The institution must provide a list of books and sources available in the library. No library policy were provided for the management of the library. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}