{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR452\'2FE003CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Empilweni Education\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Nursing\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 307 Surrey Rd\line Ferndale\line Randburg\line 2914\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Empilweni Education is a registered private higher education institution by the Department of Higher Education and Training and has programmes that are accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is applying for the accreditation of a Diploma in Nursing programme which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at the Ferndale - Randburg\'2C Gauteng\'2C Main Campus. \line \line The Institution offers a Higher Certificate in Nursing programme that has been accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator indicated that the programme in terms of Criteria 1 and 5 does not comply with minimum requirements for accreditation\'2C while the programme in terms of Criteria 2\'2C 3\'2C 4\'2C 6\'2C and 7 were deemed to need improvement. The evaluator recommends that the programme should not be accredited.\line \line The summary of the exposition of the modules and credit allocation over 3 years is unhelpful as it contains only \'22numbers\'22 with no explanation or grid to interpret or understand the numbers. Furthermore\'2C the names of the modules also do not give an indication of the content that will be addressed. For example\'2C reproductive healthcare comprises 80 credits of a 360-credits programme\'2C but the programme does not aim to deliver a midwife. The content of the 88 credits of Nursing Dynamics is also unclear. Furthermore\'2C progression through the programme is unclear as Nursing Science\'2C Reproductive Health\'2C and Nursing Dynamics are offered in all three years. Instead of 32 credits\'2C the submitted programme has 48 credits fundamental content \'28Natural and Biological Sciences\'2C Psychosocial Sciences and Pharmacology\'29. Very little to no evidence supports an outcome-based curriculum which misaligns it with the vision statements. It also is not indicated how the programme is aligned with the NQF level descriptors. The table that is provided\'2C contains the summary of the expectations per criterion instead of stating how the programme complies with the Criterion.\line \line The only layout of the work-integrated practical credits is in the SAQA document and it does not meet the standard set by SANC that 70\'25 of the clinical acquired credits must be supervised and mentored. According to the clinical model\'2C as proposed by SANC\'2C learning for role taking is unsupervised but in the application it comprises the most credits. Furthermore\'2C the WIL credits exceed the theory credits in modules such as Nursing Dynamics that has very little that is related clinical skills. Module 6 in the second-year bears 32 credits of which 8 credits are theory and 24 credits WIL\'2C but the main content is Physiology and Pathophysiology of the female and male reproductive system. Hence\'2C there is no alignment between clinical practice and theory with a subsequent lack of integration in clinical practice. There are more examples of disjuncture between the credits allocated to theory and clinical learning. The document on WIL outcomes and assessment per year level does not specify the clinical learning outcomes\'3B it restates the theoretical content per module.\line \line The applicant provided evidence of a Memorandum of Understanding with the city of Johannesburg Health Department\'2C GDoH and Bertha Gxowa Hospital. However\'2C the list of hospitals used for WIL is extensive in the prospectus and MOUs with these institutions have not been provided for example\'2C Ahmed Kathrada Private Hospital\'2C Randfontein Lenmed Private Hospital\'2C Alberton Old Age Home\'2C and many more.\line \line Most of the articulation possibilities mentioned in the application are irrelevant because they are legacy qualifications. The only vertical articulation is with the Advanced Diploma in Midwifery at NQF level 7.\line \line The Institution explained that marketing might only occur after full accreditation has been obtained and that it will use various modes of marketing such as the electronic and social media\'2C face to face at events and brochures. The Institution will adhere to the number of students \'2850\'29 SANC allocated to the facility. Student admission requirements as stated in the application comply with those of the HEQSF as well as SANC. Additional requirements are that applicants to the programme should have completed two developmental courses of six months. These developmental courses comprise Computer Literacy\'2C English Communication and Mathematical Literacy and Basic Health Science knowledge. The assumption is that these courses will contribute to the successful completion of the programme within the minimum time. The Institution will recognize prior learning. However\'2C the policy is the same as the description in the application and does not address the principles applicable to each step. The Institution should update the prospectus by removing the legacy qualifications as irrelevant information might confuse readers. The prospectus refers to the referral of students to a social worker\'2C private or provincial health services\'2C etc. but it has not been indicated who will be responsible for the cost of such a referral.\line \line The current staff composition is inadequate to offer the Diploma in Nursing in addition to the Higher Certificate in Nursing\'2C but the Institution has indicated that there are five vacancies. Current staff members are well trained with two of the six having doctoral degrees and all are registered as assessors and moderators.\line \line It seems as if there are sufficient support staff members as there are two IT specialist that manages the marketing\'2C learning management systems and data system. The support staff members include a librarian\'2C but the person is not qualified as a librarian and may therefore not be able to assist students and staff members to obtain the best available information on a topic. All staff members are employed on a full-time basis. \line \line The Teaching and Learning Policy promotes a behaviourist approach that does not best support an outcome-based curriculum. The SANC requires that the qualifications should be outcome- or competency-based. Nothing in the Teaching and Learning Policy indicates that it supports either of the recommended types of curriculums.\line \line The timetable indicates that modules will be offered sequentially with the implication that students have all the theory of one module for the whole day for a couple of weeks. At the end of 18 weeks of theory from 08\'3A30 till 16\'3A00\'2C two weeks of clinical practical demonstrations will occur. There is no direct link between the theory and the clinical practice which makes for little theory-practice integration and little critical thinking with clinical judgment. This type of scheduling is demanding on the lecturer and arduous for the students as one person is responsible for presenting a module. This is also not an equitable work distribution as the person presenting the nursing module will present class the whole day for eight consecutive weeks. The scheduling of classes and modules should be reconsidered to allow for better theory-practice integration and the variation of topics that are being taught.\line \line The Experiential Learning Assessment and Monitoring Policy \'26 procedure document states that an OSCE of 4 -6 stations will be conducted\'2C but the best available evidence state that a reliable and valid OSCE should comprise no less than 8 stations\'3B the more stations the more reliable the assessment. The ideal number of stations varies between 15 and 20 stations. The last sentence of the policy regarding supplementary assessment contradicts the preceding sentence that explains that calculating the final mark will be the same as that if the summative assessment. \line \line Written examinations are mentioned as summative assessments. The credit load was not considered in allocating the duration and the number of examination papers\'2C for example\'2C a 32-credit module is assessed in a similar manner as a 16-credit module. An explanation should be provided for the discrepancy and how the credits were calculated.\line \line Internal moderators will meet monthly to discuss assessment material. Both internal and external moderation should consist of a 10\'25 sample or a minimum of 10 papers per sitting. External moderators will moderate exit level modules. The Policy on Moderation is silent on the duration of the appointment\'2C the appointment process\'2C remuneration of external moderators\'2C confidentiality\'2C delivery and acceptance of papers and answer scripts.\line \line The Policy on the Security of Assessment is incomplete and should be reconsidered. A typist is not the person to effect the changes suggested by a moderator as it may relate to content issues. The applicant should explain who is responsible for the printing of copies\'2C and how that process is safeguarded. There are many omissions in this policy and it should be expanded\'3A How may future students access examples of assessment papers\'3F Where and for how long should scripts be stored\'3F How will it be destroyed after the storage period\'3F \line \line Feedback regarding formative assessments is provided. The assessment tool will be made available to the students. Specific feedback sessions will be scheduled for each summative assessment. In addition to feedback on the scripts\'2C written feedback will be provided to each student. Those who accompany students in the clinical practice should give immediate feedback on students formative and summative clinical assessments. \line \line A grievance procedure is in place and the aggrieved party must lodge a complaint in writing after which the principal at his\'2Fher discretion may initiate a grievance process. All current academic staff members are registered as assessors and moderators with the SANC because they all have a nursing education qualification as required by SANC.\line \line The venues are sufficient and big enough to accommodate the number of students. Two IT managers are part of the staff composition. There are only a few computers available for use by students\'2C but as this is a content-based curriculum the students may not have a need for computers.\line \line The data management system is able to compile reports and provide data regarding students as requested. Screenshots were provided to illustrate the format of the programme. Two IT trained people are part of the staff composition and should be able to manage the student management system. The Institution has provided the annual reports to DHET and SANC as required.\line \line The Policy regarding Certification seems to sound as it addresses checkpoints regarding final results\'2C security measures for printing\'2C storage of printed and unprinted certificates\'2C control measures when issuing certificates.\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme not be accredited\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Nursing \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. The design of the programme has critical design weaknesses in terms the programme\'27s structure and organisation\'2C the credit allocation for theory and the clinical training component is not aligned. The design of the curriculum and the knowledge content in the module outlines lacks coherence.  The notional hours are seen as contact time and in some cases\'2C the required practicum is absent.  \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. Memorandums of agreement are outstanding for many institutions listed as clinical placement areas for the clinical training.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. The articulation with other programmes is inadequate because many legacy programmes are listed.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. The student admission and recruitment information provided was inadequate and confusing. Irrelevant and outdated information in the prospectus should be removed. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. The RPL Policy records no principles or step-by-step explanations in the implementation of RPL and it is not aligned with that of the CHE and SANC.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 6. The number of academic staff members available to offer a Diploma in Nursing in addition to the Higher Certificate in Nursing\'2C are inadequate. The organogram indicated that there are vacancies and those vacancies should be filled. The policy and employment contract is insufficient and has many too omissions. The listed librarian is not appropriately qualified.\line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 3\'2C 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 7. The Institution\'27s assessment model with early formative and late summative assessment will create problems for students\'2C and a mid-year examination would have been a better option. Assessment is not occurring according to the best available evidence\'2C with the minimum number of OSCE stations too low\'2C and the policy on clinical examination inadequate.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 8. An inventory for the simulation laboratories was not provided\'2C which disallowed the determination of the use of task trainers only or also immersive high-fidelity simulation.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}