{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR449\'2FE011CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Auckland Park Theological Seminary\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor Honours of Theology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 130\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 55 Richmond Avenue\line AUCKLAND PARK\line Johannesburg\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Auckland Park Theological Seminary is a Private Higher Education Institution registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and also has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution applied for the accreditation of a Bachelor Honours of Theology which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 8th of May 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 30th of August 2018.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line 1. The Institution has not provided a properly conceived\'2C coherently described\line and planned strategy for the delivery of this programme in the distance learning\line mode. The full programme design \'28including modular components\'2C compulsory\line and elective modules and rules of combination\'2C and in particular also the\line research components regarding credits values and HEQSF-level\'29 demonstrate a\line lack of understanding of the role\'2C function and quality issues associated with\line learning materials in the distance mode of provision. \line 2. Programme design has critical weaknesses in terms of the following\'3A\line - There is a lack of coherence and the design of the programme is ill-conceived.\line - Programme design is not anchored in a clearly defined and integrated\line understanding of distance education.\line - Rules of combination are unclear and contribute to the lack of programme\line coherence and purposefulness. Modules appear to be ad hoc with little\line explanation for the particular selection.\line - Module outlines are vague and while an attempt is made to allow the NQF\line level descriptors to inform outcomes\'2C ATS have just simply adopted the\line descriptors as outcomes. No actual module outlines are presented.\line - The reading list provided is dated and lacks contextualisation.\line - It is unclear whether all the modules in the Honours programme are\line appropriate for NQF level 8 including the Research Methodology module \'288\line credits\'29 which is not designed for NQF level 8 learning.\line 3. Module names and codes in the application and the SAQA submission are\line not aligned.\line 4. The Institution has not demonstrated its understanding of RPL\'2FCAT and\line Articulation and its policy statements are not in line with the relevant\line legislative frameworks. \line 5. The Institution has not clarified what happens to prospective students who do\line not successfully complete the English proficiency test\'2C and their continuing\line involvement in ATS programmes. The admission requirements should at least\line provide some explanation for the additional requirement of 60\'25 average given\line the proposed audience in the context of widening access. \line 6. A lack of clarity exists on the availability of academic and support staff\line members allocated to the programme\'2C their suitability as well as their\line involvement on this as well as other programmes envisaged or already offered\line at the Institution. The Institution has also not submitted a Workload Allocation\line Model indicating the duties and responsibilities of staff members in the\line implementation of the programme.\line 7. The Assessment and Moderation Policy is not in line with the requirements\line for accreditation of a programme for the distance mode.\line 8. The Institution\'27s Library Policy is inadequate on how distance students are\line supported in an equitable manner and detail of plans to make provision for\line students in the distance mode through the Library is lacking.\line 9. The Institution has not provided clear and unambiguous evidence that the\line programme was designed with the distance education mode supported by the\line design and focus in the Teaching and Learning Policy and related mechanisms.\line The Institution\'27s research policy does not include an emphasis on research on\line DE and the Institution\'27s systems for monitoring students is not adequate.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the original application made\'2C the first evaluator\'E2\'80\'99s report\'2C the recommendation by the HEQC not to accredit the programme and the representations made by the Institution and came to the conclusion that the programme should not be accredited. The evaluator argued the representation creates the impression that the Institution did not take the process seriously\'2C did not apply its mind regarding the substantive issues raised and\'2C instead\'2C responded with claims of being misunderstood or that the assessment of the evaluation panel is not substantiated in some respects.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the Institution has not provided a properly conceived\'2C coherently described and planned strategy for the delivery of this programme in the distance learning mode. The full programme design \'28including modular components\'2C compulsory and elective modules and rules of combination\'2C and in particular also the research components regarding credits values and HEQSF-level\'29 demonstrate a lack of understanding of the role\'2C function and quality issues associated with learning materials in the distance mode of provision.  The evaluator found that the institution\'E2\'80\'99s response was brief\'2C arguing that the issue of distance education was addressed in detail in the new application\'2C and that the issues were resolved successfully. Since the distance learning problem was a point of deferral during the first BTh Hons application \'28deferral letter 17-18 May 2016\'29 only\'2C and not mentioned again in the second deferral letter it was assumed to have been addressed successfully.\line The evaluator concluded that the institution\'E2\'80\'99s response was disappointing. The argument that the matter of distance education was not raised again and that this therefore has been successfully addressed does not hold. \line \line A crucial part of the aid provided is the study guide in each module \'28also called a module outline\'29. A document with the module content and module outcomes has been provided\'2C but this does not include detail on prescribed material\'2C explanatory notes or assessment opportunities. An example of the \'E2\'80\'9Cstudy guide\'E2\'80\'9D was not made available. The feasibility of distance learning at Honours level is dependent on the quality of such module outlines. Since this is not available it is hard to judge but the institution\'E2\'80\'99s representation is then less than satisfactory on this point. The module content is ill-conceived and at times prescriptive. The main weakness remains the inability to address the inherent problem with distance learning at this level\'2C namely the need for reading complex texts with a group of students in such a way that a culture of reading and interpreting texts is cultivated. This can be overcome but requires careful consideration in terms of strategies to gain not only knowledge and insight\'2C but also to develop academic skills and to foster academic virtues. The representation is deemed grossly inadequate.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the Programme design has critical weaknesses in terms of the following\'3A There is a lack of coherence and the design of the programme is ill-conceived\'3B programme design is not anchored in a clearly defined and integrated understanding of distance education\'3B rules of combination are unclear and contribute to the lack of programme coherence and purposefulness\'3B modules appear to be ad hoc with little explanation for the particular selection\'3B module outlines are vague and while an attempt is made to allow the NQF level descriptors to inform outcomes\'2C ATS have just simply adopted the descriptors as outcomes\'2C no actual module outlines are presented\'3B the reading list provided is dated and lacks contextualisation\'3B it is unclear whether all the modules in the Honours programme are appropriate for NQF level 8 including the Research Methodology module \'288 credits\'29 which is not designed for NQF level 8 learning. The evaluator quoted the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s response in full\'2C which boils down to the following salient points. \line \line The Institution argues that the design and composition of modules was not a problem in the first two deferrals of the first application. This program was designed after careful research and comparison and it claims that the issue was with compulsory and elective modules. The Institution further states that it was involved with the development of the BA Honours Theology degree of RAU \'28which was accredited\'29. It claims that no modules were added on an ad-hoc basis\'2C but that each has a meaningful place and contribution within the field of Pentecostal Theology. We address all six the major theological disciplines and address issues relevant to the Pentecostal\'2FCharismatic church world. The research component which is divided into two segments and the Institution is of the opinion that it addresses a major problem through this two-segmented research module. \line \line The evaluator notes that the institution is correct in stating that the basic design of the programme is more or less in line with similar programmes offered elsewhere. The research component is important while the spread of electives do represent the traditional sub-disciplines of theology\'2C with an understandable emphasis on practical theology. However\'2C it is not clear whether students can take any six electives from the eight that are offered but that may be assumed. While the module names are therefore plausible\'2C the selected module content remains arbitrary\'2C include a wide possible range of topics\'2C and attempts to cover too much ground. Too many of the prescribed readings are produced by lecturers \'28some in the form of notes\'29 and was not addressed in the representation. The institution\'E2\'80\'99s explanation on why the research component is divided into two parts is plausible and may be deemed to have been addressed. \line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the module names and codes in the application and the SAQA submission are not aligned. The evaluator found that the institution responds that the discrepancy between module codes is noted and can be easily rectified. The institution\'E2\'80\'99s response is acceptable but one would have expected an addendum to the representation where the correct list is provided.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the Institution has not demonstrated its understanding of RPL\'2FCAT and articulation and its policy statements are not in line with the relevant legislative frameworks. The evaluator found that the institution responded that it takes note that the RPL\'2FCAT policy is not in accordance with most relevant changes\'2C and that they are at present working on this. The failure to provide a response therefore leave the impression of a rather hastily completed representation.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the Institution has not clarified what happens to prospective students who do not successfully complete the English proficiency test\'2C and their continuing involvement in ATS programmes. The admission requirements should at least provide some explanation for the additional requirement of 60\'25 average given the proposed audience in the context of widening access. The evaluator cited the institutional response\'2C that the Institution claims that it does not understand the logic of the comment to accommodate a student in other ATS programmes if the applicant is not proficient in English. It has decided on a pass rate of 60\'25 for entry\'2C in line with other universities\'E2\'80\'99 requirements. Upon CHE\'E2\'80\'99s insistence\'2C it claims\'2C it is willing to lower the entrance requirement to 50\'25. It seems clear that students who do not meet the requirement of a proficiency test in English cannot be admitted to the programme. That could be accepted as such. The Institution\'E2\'80\'99s assertion that most tertiary institutions in the field require at least 60\'25 for the Bachelor\'E2\'80\'99s programme is correct. However\'2C not all students who meet the minimum requirement are necessarily selected for admission at other institutions. The additional comment on being willing to lower the admission requirement if so requested\'2C is very odd\'2C and begs the question why it was decided on 60\'25 in the first place.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that a lack of clarity exists on the availability of academic and support staff members allocated to the programme\'2C their suitability as well as their involvement on this as well as other programmes envisaged or already offered at the Institution. The Institution has also not submitted a Workload Allocation Model indicating the duties and responsibilities of staff members in the implementation of the programme. The evaluator quoted the emotive response of the Institution. \'E2\'80\'9CWe do take exception at the comment regarding the suitability of our staff. This is a purely subjective opinion with no basis. \'E2\'80\'A6 Our academic staff was \'5Bsic\'5D all involved in various levels of post gardautae \'5Bsic\'5D education. Most were accredited lecturers at UJ and later at NWU\'2C and were sucsessfully \'5Bsic\'5D involved as extraordinary lecturers in their BA Honours Theology degrees\'2C as well as study leaders\'2Fpromotors on \'5Bsic\'5D M and D level\'2C as well as external examiners at various South African universities. Our administrative staff is \'5Bsic\'5D adequately trained for their work\'2C and receives on a regular basis further training. The academic staff has \'5Bsic\'5D always been committed and available. It is further obvious that as the number of students increase\'2C new staff will be appointed. Up to this point the various higher education departments placed ATS under tremendous strain by maintaining an up and running concern with all staff in place\'2C without being able to take new students in.\'E2\'80\'9D\line \line The institution clearly did not understand the comment from the evaluation panel which focused on workload implications of offering this programme in addition to the programmes already accredited and offered. It focused on the word \'E2\'80\'9Csuitability\'E2\'80\'9D and simply did not respond to the question on staff capacity \'28if not expertise\'29. The tacit assumption seems to be that the same staff members will find time to offer this programme as well and that all full-time staff will be involved in this programme. The quality of writing in this part of the representation\'2C with many typing and grammatical mistakes\'2C does raise some suspicions regarding the expertise of management staff. Nevertheless\'2C it must be said that\'2C at least on paper\'2C the academic staff are suitably qualified and experienced for an institution of this nature. The research output and the supervisory experience of some staff members\'2C in particular\'2C have to be commended\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the Assessment and Moderation Policy is not in line with the requirements for accreditation of a programme for the distance mode. The evaluator found that the institution maintains that it uploaded a policy for Assessment and Moderation for Distance Education as per a previous deferral request. The online documentation provided by the institution covers many aspects of assessment in some details. However\'2C the evaluator could not find any details on specific steps that take into account assessment for students in the distance learning mode. There is a reference to Examination centres for distance education learners but this seems to focus more on assistance provided than on assessment procedures for distance learners. Given such scanty material\'2C it is hard to judge the adequacy of the institution\'E2\'80\'99s representation on this point.\line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the Institution\'27s Library Policy is inadequate on how distance students are supported in an equitable manner and detail of plans to make provision for students in the distance mode through the Library is lacking. The evaluator found that the institution responded by stating that\'2C \'E2\'80\'9Che library issue for distance learners was submitted and it was found acceptable by CHE in our other qualifications.\'E2\'80\'9D The institution\'E2\'80\'99s representation did not address the specific question about provision for the specific needs of distance learners as compared to learners studying by the contact mode. \line \line In its recommendation\'2C the HEQC indicated that the Institution has not provided clear and unambiguous evidence that the programme was designed with the distance education mode supported by the design and focus in the Teaching and Learning Policy and related mechanisms\'3B the Institution\'27s research policy does not include an emphasis on research on DE and the Institution\'27s systems for monitoring students is not adequate. The evaluator found that the institution responds by merely reaffirming that the programme was indeed designed for distance education as reflected in the study material format\'2C online systems and IT systems. The institution did not respond to the questions on Teaching and Learning Policy\'2C on research on distance education\'2C or on the institution\'E2\'80\'99s system for monitoring students. The tone of the representation reveals a sense of irritation with the question\'2C presumable since this is deemed to be based on a misunderstanding\'2C as the conclusion to the representation also suggests\'2C i.e. \'E2\'80\'9CWe are therefore of the opinion that some issues can be addressed and not all comments are objective substantiated.\'E2\'80\'9D\line \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor Honours of Theology \'28130 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The core problem with this application for accreditation and this representation remains the quality of the proposed module content\'2C the stipulated module outcomes and the prescribed reading lists. The institution did not demonstrate its ability to attend to quality assurance in this regard\'2C nor did it grapple with the clear limitations of distance education at level 8 and therefore did not implement the steps required to overcome such hurdles.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1 \'281-8\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}