{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR288\'2FE017CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql SA College of Applied Psychology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Social Work\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 480\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 533\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 4 \'2F Part-time\'3A 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 1st Floor \line Sunclare Building\line 21 Dreyer Street\line Claremont\line 7708\line Cape Town\line South Africa\line \line Pretoria Campus\line First Floor \line North Block \line Brookfield Office Park\line 261 Middel Street\line Neuw Muckleneuk\line Pretoria\line 0181\line \line \line Durban Campus\line 5th floor \line 199\'2F203 Peter Mokaba Road\line Morningside\line Durban \line 4001 \line \line \line Johannesburg Campus\line 22 Westbrooke Drive\line Strathavon\line Sandton\line Johannesburg\line 2031\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The SA College of Applied Psychology is a private higher education institution registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and also has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for accreditation of the Bachelor of Social Work programme which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at the following campuses\'3A\line - Claremont\'2C Main Campus \line - Pretoria Campus \line - Durban Campus \line - Johannesburg Campus. \line \line The Institution is registered to offer the following accredited programmes across different sites of delivery \'28DHET Register of PHEIs\'2C 25 September 2019\'29\'3A \line - Higher Certificate in Counselling and Communication Skills \'28NQF level 5\'29\'3A Contact mode \'28registered for offering at all four sites\'29\line - Advanced Certificate in Counselling and Communication Skills \'28NQF level 6\'29\'3A Contact mode \'28for offering in Cape Town\'2C Johannesburg and Durban\'29\line - Bachelor of Applied Social Science \'28NQF level 7\'29\'3A Contact and Distance mode \'28registered for offering at all four sites\'29\line - Bachelor of Social Science Honours in Psychology\'3A Contact mode \'28registered for offering at all four sites\'29\line - Bachelor of Psychology \'28NQF level 8\'29\'3A Contact mode \'28for offering in Cape Town\'2C Johannesburg and Durban\'29\line - Postgraduate Diploma in Coaching \'28NQF level 8\'29\'3A Contact mode \'28for offering in Cape Town and Johannesburg\'29\line - Master of Social Science in Community Health Promotion \'28NQF Level 9\'29\'3A Contact mode \'28for offering in Cape Town and Johannesburg\'29. \line \line The Diploma in Counselling and Communication Skills \'28NQF level 6\'29 - Contact mode H\'2FPR288\'2FE015CAN and Distance mode H\'2FPR288\'2FE016CAN - was accredited with conditions by the HEQC at its meeting held on 12 September 2019.\line \line The Diploma in Counselling and Communication and the Graduate Diploma in Counselling and Communication programmes were both submitted as Category C programmes during the HEQSF alignment process. The programmes are deemed non-HEQSF aligned.\line \line It should be noted that\'2C if accredited\'2C SACAP will be one of only two private higher education providers that offer the Bachelor of Social Work programme.\line \line The application was submitted for peer review.\line \line The summary of the evaluator\'27s report and Directorate\'27s recommendation follow.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator found that all the Criteria meet minimum requirements but additional information is required in terms of staffing \'28Criterion 3\'29. It is recommended that the programme be accredited with conditions.\line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme is consonant with the mission of SACAP to deliver applied professional skills and service to communities. The programme articulates well with other programmes within the institutional offerings. Horizontal\'2C vertical\'2C and diagonal articulation are spelled out in terms of related fields. The evaluator also found that the exit level outcomes indicate integrity within the programme. The motivation is convincing and further supported by the fact that Social Work is listed on the National List of Occupations in High Demand. Furthermore\'2C the qualification BSW is aligned to the National Skills Development Strategy III. \line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme design and modules offered align with what is expected in terms of the HEQSF and professional requirements. Learning material and outcomes have been designed to meet NQF level guidelines\'2C and professional requirements set by the professional bodies. Much of the professional practice skills are developed through supervision of field work and includes professional practice knowledge of skills and ethics. Knowledge of various government Acts and policies play a significant role in programme content and the application thereof forms part of the skill set to be developed. Module outlines provide details of content\'2C outlines\'2C readings and assessment requirements. Different competencies are integrated into each module at appropriate NQF levels\'2C e.g. operational\'2Fapplied competence and reflexive competence. Sufficient funding is made available for the development of teaching and learning materials for all programmes offered at SACAP and the BSW will benefit from this fund. \line \line The evaluator stated that the DHET and SAQA requirements for marketing and recruitment are met. Entrance requirements are clear and align with legislative requirements. Relevant security and police clearance are required as students will be working with vulnerable populations\'2C such as children. The evaluator remarked that a rigorous selection process is followed which includes criteria such as psychological wellness due to the nature of the work. The enrolment process and numbers are projected over a period of six years. This projection shows that the staggered intake at each enrolment period is limited to allow for the intensive nature of the training. In total\'2C there will never be more than a total of 100 enrolled students in the programme at all levels. The evaluator stated that\'2C because the programme entails individual supervision of an intense personal nature\'2C this would seem to be a realistic and responsible plan. \line \line Widened access to the programme is facilitated by the provision of bursaries for students from disadvantaged backgrounds\'2C as well as a monthly payment option and the offering of the programme in multiple centres across the country.  Clear RPL and CAT processes are in place within the institution. These policies aim to provide increased access to learners from previously disadvantaged learning environments. The evaluator stated that there are parameters which are specified for both RPL and CAT processes to be fair and hold integrity. \line \line The evaluator found that the list of academic staff members shows a team of highly\'2C and suitably\'2C qualified members overall. The list shows staff members with many years of experience in academia\'2C several with over one decade of experience. Most have a Master\'E2\'80\'99s degree with one having Doctoral qualifications. The evaluator pointed out that a large number of psychologists will teach in the programme\'2C which raises the issue of sensitivity to scope of practice. This programme trains social workers and the institution should consider whether psychologists are aware of the limitations of social workers in the field. The institution must ensure that candidates in the programme understand their own limitations and their scope of practice.  In addition\'2C the list does not show to which campuses the staff will be allocated and a programme coordinator has not been identified.  The evaluator indicated that the planned supervision ratio is adequate. A staff development policy and skills development policy are both in place and appropriate. Most of the requirements in the appointment contract appear to be in line with the Basic Conditions of Service in South Africa. However\'2C staff are required to work overtime without pay when necessary. The evaluator felt that this clause could leave staff vulnerable to exploitation. The evaluator also noted that staff development opportunities are indicated in the Staff Development Policy document. The institution provides opportunities for professional development and critical skills training in both subject and research areas. The maintenance of CPD training is fully subsidised by the institution. In-house induction programmes are in place for new staff. Equity and redress in terms of staff appointments are addressed in the company\'E2\'80\'99s annual EE Report and B-BBEE Compliance Certificate. The evaluator indicated that adequately qualified and trained staff are employed to manage and oversee the technical and non-academic matters of the institution.\line \line The teaching methods focus on preparing students for the world of work through practical skills development\'2C backed by the necessary theoretical underpinnings.  Classes maintain small student numbers such that lecturers can act as facilitators using a broad range of teaching methods and models.  Teaching methods include role plays\'2C lectures\'2C case studies\'2C workshops\'2C and small group learning. SACAP also provides students access to an online learning environment through their own platform called \'E2\'80\'9CMySACAP\'E2\'80\'9D. This online platform allows access to learning material\'2C reading\'2C assignments which are also marked online\'2C and a space in which to interact with other students and educators. SACAP provides a Code of Educational Practice for Teaching and Learning which addresses the institution\'E2\'80\'99s responsibilities to students such as confidentiality\'2C non-biased interaction\'2C staff access\'2C how to address grievances\'2C and reminds staff of the College policies and Codes of Practice. The evaluator pointed out that the approach to teaching and learning is based on the integration of theory\'2C skills development\'2C and personal transformation as an overall general approach to the design of programmes. The programme design emphasises cooperative and collaborative learning among fellow students and across the student-educator hierarchy.  This system is suggested to provide a \'E2\'80\'9Cwrap around support\'E2\'80\'9D with careful monitoring of student progress. \line \line The institution has systems to monitor and identify at-risk students. Processes to support students that require assistance to meet the ELOs is provided.  Student support services focus not only on academic development but also on personal issues such as stress and critical trauma incidences\'2C and other psychosocial issues. The institution stated that it provides for students with disabilities\'2C but no details are provided. \line \line The evaluator indicated that SACAP uses a \'E2\'80\'9Cscaffolded\'E2\'80\'9D approach to \'22assessment\'E2\'80\'9D that facilitates incremental growth and development across competencies and towards exit level outcomes. Internal and external moderation processes are in place. The evaluator found that sound quality assurance processes are detailed for both programme offerings and educator performance.  A comprehensive set of policies are in place to deal with a range of issues including moderation policies\'2C progress rules\'2C complaints and grievances\'2C plagiarism\'2C and certification and awards. \line \line The evaluator pointed out that SACAP is an established institution with very good infrastructure and management structures. Adequate classroom facilities\'2C common rooms\'2C reception areas\'2C meeting rooms\'2C and student canteens are listed for each campus. Provision is also made for the maintenance and upgrading of infrastructure\'2Fresources. The evaluator stated that library catalogues show a good collection of well-resourced texts on all campuses. Electronic access is available to all students and this includes Wi-Fi on all campuses. E-books are provided where they are available. A number of computers are available for student use on the campuses\'2C as are DVD and audio-visual equipment. The libraries house consultation rooms for student use. The facilities are available to both staff and students. \line \line With regard to Criterion 8\'2C the evaluator indicated that SACAP currently uses an internally developed and managed Student Management System to capture and maintain all student information and grades. This is an accurate and reliable management information system to control the core processes of student administration. It incorporates a large collection of standard reports with simple customizable options. In addition to the above student management system \'28SMS\'29\'2C an online Learning Management System\'2C MySACAP\'2C is an institutional version of the Moodle platform for student usage. Application and registration are managed with online systems which capture relevant information\'3B admissions application information is captured on the Customer Relations Management System \'28CRM\'29 which is then pulled through to the Student Management System. Monitoring and oversight arrangements fall under the office of the Dean and are managed to ensure accuracy. \line \line The Directorate notes that the programme will lead to a professional qualification and that an endorsement letter from the statutory professional body\'2C i.e. the South African Council for Social Service Professions \'28SACSSP\'29\'2C has been included in the application. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme be accredited with conditions.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Social Work \'28533 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The staff profile shows that a large number of psychologists will teach in the programme\'2C which raises the issue of sensitivity to scope of practice. The institution is required to clarify how it will prepare candidates in the programme to understand their own limitations and their scope of practice. SACAP should appoint additional appropriately qualified and experienced staff specialising in social work as the current staff complement carries a heavy weighting of psychologists on the programme. A staff recruitment plan and workload allocation plan should be submitted.\line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. The Institution should provide a list of staff that are allocated to each campus. The details of the programme coordinator that has been appointed for the programme should also be provided.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 3. SACAP should provide information to indicate how disabled students are supported in the programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 4. The CHE will conduct a site visit to verify that SACAP has the capacity to offer the higher education programme and that it complies with the minimum requirements determined for all social work programmes by the National Standards and Reviews directorate of the CHE.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1 - 8\'2C 10\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}