{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 14th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH04\'2FE170CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Durban University of Technology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Master of Health Sciences in Chiropractic\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 9\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 180\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 188\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Ritson Road\'2F Mansfield\line 70 Mansfield Road \line Berea\line Durban\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Durban University of Technology \'28DUT\'29 is a public higher education institution is a public higher education institution which has programmes that are accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Master of Health Sciences in Chiropractic programme which will be offered in a contact mode of delivery at the Durban\'2C Ritson Road\'2F Mansfield.\line \line DUT is currently accredited to offer the following programmes\'3A\line - Bachelor of Health Sciences in Chiropractic\line - Master of Health Sciences\line - Bachelor of Health Sciences in Medical Laboratory Science\line - Bachelor of Health Sciences in Clinical Technology\line - Bachelor of Health Sciences in Nuclear Medicine\line - Bachelor of Health Sciences in Radiation Therapy and Oncology\line - Bachelor of Health Sciences in Diagnostic Sonography\line - Doctor of Philosophy in Health Sciences\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator found that the Master of Health Sciences in Chiropractic programme in terms of all the criteria to be considered for accreditation\'2C comply with the minimum requirements and recommended that the programme be accredited. \line \line The programme has national and international credibility and is aligned with graduate expectations set by the Allied Health Professions Council of South Africa \'28AHPCSA\'29\'2C as well as with the standards set by the Chiropractic Association of South Africa \'28CASA\'29. The Professional Board supports the proposed curriculum. The programme was developed in accordance with similar programmes offered by the Anglo European College of Chiropractic in the United Kingdom\'2C as well as the Macquarie University of Australia. The programme will undergo accreditation by the European Council on Chiropractic Education\'2C who already accredited the training in Chiropractic currently offered by the University. The proposed programme was approved by the University\'E2\'80\'99s governance structures\'2C as well as by the Department of Higher Education and Training on 22 May 2019\'2C as part of the University\'E2\'80\'99s PQM. \line The proposed programme meets the national requirements of the HEQSF for a professional Master\'E2\'80\'99s degree\'2C as stipulated by the HEQSF\'2C at NQF level 9\'2C with a total of 188 credits.  A Research Project is included in the programme\'2C contributing a total of 88 credits\'2C all aligned with HEQSF requirements. \line All the modules are compulsory. The programme design offers adequate depth of knowledge and will equip successful students with the necessary skills to render a meaningful service to the community in which they serve. The mode of delivery is Contact Learning\'2C with approximately 40\'25 of learning time contributed by contact sessions. This is in accordance with the nature of the University and is applicable for the type of programme. Learning outcomes are clearly defined in each module and aligned with teaching and learning activities\'2C as well as with assessment criteria and techniques. In addition\'2C exit level outcomes correspond with the NQF level and the purpose of the qualification. The outcomes\'2C as well as assessment criteria\'2C are clearly communicated to students in a study guide for each module.\line \line Although Work-Integrated Learning \'28WIL\'29 is denied in section 1.5 and 1.10 of the application\'2C it is clearly indicated in the attached documents\'3A WIL forms part of the modules \'E2\'80\'9CDiagnostic Imaging V\'E2\'80\'9D\'2C \'E2\'80\'9CClinical Chiropractic Practicum VA\'E2\'80\'9D and \'E2\'80\'9CClinical Chiropractic Practicum VB\'E2\'80\'9D\'2C contributing a total of 70 credits. This aspect is appropriate for a professional degree of this nature. As described in 5.2 of the application\'2C WIL occurs at the Chiropractic Clinic at DUT\'2C where students are well supervised and mentored. Learning outcomes for WIL are clearly stated and are aligned with assessment criteria and methods.   \line \line The programme has horizontal articulation with other Master\'E2\'80\'99s programmes offered in South Africa. Vertical articulation is possible to a Doctor of Chiropractic degree\'2C as well as other aligned Doctor of Philosophy or professional Doctorate degrees that are health affiliated. Diagonal articulation is possible with the generic PhD in Health Sciences.  \line \line Promotional material of the University contains all relevant information regarding the programmes offered by DUT. Student admission of students adhere to legislation regarding admission criteria\'2C which is also aligned with admission to similar programmes. The minimum admission requirement for this programme is a Bachelor of Health Sciences in Chiropractic at NQF level 8. The admission criteria are appropriate for the nature of the programme and the degree of complexity of learning required and adhere to legislation. The proposed student intake will be 22 students in 2020\'2C increasing to 24 students per annum for the following two years and 26 students per annum thereafter.  Recognition of Prior Learning \'28RPL\'29 will be considered and the process is aligned with University policy. \line \line The programme has a contact mode of delivery\'2C to be executed as a blended teaching and learning strategy. Various teaching methods are employed to cater for students in a multicultural environment\'2C with different learning styles and diverse socio-economic backgrounds. Blackboard is the Learner Management System currently in use\'2C although the University plans to transfer to Moodle in the next few years. Constructive alignment is evident in the programme\'E2\'80\'99s curriculum\'2C with the module content and assessments well aligned with the learning outcomes\'2C including critical cross field outcomes and exit level outcomes. \line \line Students will be supported by various means. Study guides and reading lists have been provided. Students have access to the library and IT facilities. Student progress is monitored by regular and continuous assessments\'2C the DUT ITS system\'2C as well as supervision in the clinical environment. At-risk students are identified early and receive additional support by various means\'2C such as one-on-one sessions with the lecturer\'2C additional study material and referral to the Academic Development Practitioner\'2C or Student Counseling. In the clinical environment\'2C at-risk or underperforming students are mentored by the clinical instruction staff. An at-risk coordinator is responsible to coordinate support to these students. At-risk modules\'2C in which less than 80\'25 of students pass\'2C are identified as well\'2C in order to provide remedial initiatives.\line Lecturers and clinical instructors are highly qualified and adequately experienced to deliver the programme.  Experiential Learning\'2C including WIL\'2C is incorporated in three clinical modules\'2C ensuring students are provided with not only theoretical knowledge\'2C but practical skills as well. WIL is well organized and managed in the Chiropractic Clinic at DUT. Qualified clinicians\'E2\'80\'99 function as supervisors and mentors for the students. Feedback is continuously provided on the students\'E2\'80\'99 performance and progress.\line \line Provision has been made for both formative and summative assessment in this programme. All assessment practices are aligned with the University\'E2\'80\'99s assessment policies and procedures to ensure fair\'2C valid and reliable assessment. All assessments are conducted by adequately and appropriately qualified and experienced assessors. Formative assessment opportunities are provided in each module\'2C using various assessment methods. Summative assessments include theory tests\'2C assignments\'2C OSCEs\'2C viva voce\'2C case studies and presentations. Summative assessments of exit level modules are externally moderated. Appointment of moderators is governed by University policy and approved by the Faculty Board of Health Sciences\'2C to ensure adequately and appropriately qualified and experienced moderators. The research dissertation is assessed by two examiners\'2C who are appointed through the Faculty of Health Sciences Research Committee and the Higher Degrees Committee of DUT.\line \line Assessment of the Research Project includes assessment of the research proposal\'2C as well as the mini-dissertation. Assessments are aligned with the learning outcomes\'2C as well as the teaching and learning methods. Assessment criteria and methods are clearly communicated to the students in the study guide for each module.  \line The assessment of WIL is well-structured and aligned with the learning outcomes. Adequate and appropriate supervision is ensured. Various assessment methods are employed in assessment of WIL\'2C such as case presentations\'2C viva voce and OSCEs. Timely and continuous feedback is provided by clinicians and lecturers during WIL as well.\line \line Students receive formative feedback on all assessments on an individual or collective basis. Adequate student support is ensured by the University\'E2\'80\'99s policies and procedures. At-risk and underperforming students are identified early and supported. Remedial action includes various measures. \line \line The procedure to guide Masters\'E2\'80\'99 students in the Faculty of Health Sciences through their postgraduate research process is outlined by the Research and Postgraduate Support Unit.  These guidelines are stipulated in the departmental research handbook and the postgraduate student guide. These guidelines are aligned with the University\'E2\'80\'99s Research Policy and govern the research process from the start through to the dissertation\'2C which is submitted together with a draft publishable article.  \line The appointment of supervisors is aligned with the University\'E2\'80\'99s policies\'2C to ensure appointment of appropriately qualified and experienced supervisors. Junior supervisors are mentored by more experienced supervisors.  Institutional-\'2C Faculty-\'2C as well as departmental workshops are presented to develop research capacity of academic staff members. The roles of the supervisor and the student are clearly defined. Research supervision is included in the workload of academic staff members. The increase in student numbers in this programme will necessitate recruitment of more supervisors.  \line \line The Directorate recommends that this programme be accredited.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Master of Health Sciences in Chiropractic \'28188 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b \'C2\'A0\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql RECOMMENDATION\'3A\line The Institution should remove contradicting information about the inclusion of WIL in the programmes\'2C and ensure different sets of programme documents are aligned in this regard.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}