{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR791\'2FE001CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Protea Nursing School\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Protea Nursing School\line 16 - 40th Avenue\line Umhlatuzana Township\line Chatsworth\line 4092\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Protea Nursing School is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has no programmes accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is applying for accreditation of the Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing programme which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at the Protea Nursing School - Chatsworth. \line \line The Institution has also applied for accreditation of the Diploma in Nursing\'3A Staff Nurse programme which is in process. \line \line This is the first application from the institution.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the application and found that the programme does not meet the minimum requirements for any of the relevant Criteria. The programme contains structural curriculum and design shortcomings and does not meet minimum requirements in terms of Criterion 1. It is recommended that the programme should not be accredited.\line \line The evaluator cited the mission of the institution as indicating excellence in education and promoting non-discrimination. The programme has been approved by the relevant government structures in June 2017. The programme covers 120 credits and complies with HEQSF requirements for a NQF level 5 programme. The evaluator noted that the programme intended to train school leavers for basic competence in nursing applicable in all spheres of healthcare. The Directorate evaluated this observation against the requirements of the CHE Programme Design criterion 1 and considered this observation as partially corresponding to the criterion. The information provided does not adequately demonstrate the degree of curriculum choice nor does the Programme Design provide substantive evidence that it complies with WIL requirements. This concern was raised in the observation that this programme did not satisfactorily comply with Reg.169. According to this\'2C the nursing professional body requires students to complete a major clinical component of which at least 60\'25 must be supervised and mentored.\line \line The evaluator raised concerns related to the registration of the programme with the South African Nursing Council \'28SANC\'29. The inclusion of an evidence of application was not sufficient to demonstrate endorsement of the programme. The Directorate agreed with the evaluator that evidence of endorsement by SANC must be provided.\line \line The evaluator raised concerns regarding the competencies developed in the programme. The evaluator specifically noted that these did not feature as part of the application but are available in the curriculum. The Directorate took note of this and argued that the competencies developed in the programme form an integral part of the application and reflect their part in contributing to the programme design.\line \line The evaluator was concerned that the budget support for this programme was not in line with the minimum requirements. The included budget was neither dated nor signed and was also uploaded for the Diploma in Nursing. The evaluator requires that the institution provide information indicating the resources available for this specific programme.\line \line The evaluator noted that the admission requirements comply with the current legislative framework. Potential applicants were required to complete a section test to determine their aptitude to complete the programme. The institution considered widening of access through RPL\'2C the use of a flexible payment method in line with the remoteness of the area and the socio-economic realities of people living there. The evaluator picked up the discrepancies related to access through RPL. Though practical guidelines are provided\'2C there is some confusion regarding the evaluation of the submitted portfolio. Aside from a workshop held to guide its marketing activities\'2C no marketing policy was uploaded. The Directorate agreed with the evaluator and adds that such information would help potential applicants to make an informed decision. \line \line The evaluator is concerned that\'2C although five full-time educators were assigned to the programme\'2C their academic qualifications were not listed. These were indicated as general nursing or midwifery. Further concerns related to the CVs of staff were not provided nor was there any clarity regarding registration with SANC\'2C the professional body. The evaluator noted that the programme administrator had only completed year 1 of a BEd and that the year was not stated. The Directorate agreed with the evaluator that the year of completion be indicated as incomplete qualifications are not valid beyond 5 years.\line \line Academic staff members are required to complete the in-house training on Vocation Teaching and assessment aspects as well as maintain their membership with SANC. The Directorate noted that\'2C although this might point to staff development\'2C it does not provide sufficient information regarding the academic experience of the staff. The evaluator raised concerns regarding the supporting documents for staff development. The document referred to engineering professional practice on p6 of the document. The authenticity of this document as applying to nursing is not demonstrated.\line \line The evaluator was not convinced that the academic and support staff complement was sufficient for this programme. The evaluator specifically noted that there was no firm evidence to demonstrate that support staff was in place or to be employed later. The evaluator requires that the evidence be provided to demonstrate that support staff is in place.\line \line The evaluator raised numerous concerns related to the appropriateness of the teaching and learning strategy and methods. The information provided did not adequately demonstrate that student learning is core to the institution\'E2\'80\'99s central operating policies. The evaluator was concerned that the teaching and learning methods described were not commensurate with the requirements of this programme. The methods of teaching and learning cited did not adequately demonstrate the professional body requirements nor were these methods adequate for the level of the programme. The 15\'25 lecturing time for a Level 5 qualification was seen to be inadequate. \line \line The teaching and learning strategy theoretically described the WIL component but failed to provide adequate information on the teaching thereof and how this would accompany clinical practice. On a rather more worrying note\'2C the Teaching and Learning Policy included a theoretical statement that WIL was not directly applicable to the Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing. The muddled approach to WIL is further noticed in Section 9 of the policy where SANC is indicated as the summative examiner.\line \line The evaluator further contested the validity of the teaching and learning strategy\'2C pointing out that the institution did not provide the supporting evidence to demonstrate that the model used for measuring student engagement and progress was implemented. The Directorate agrees with the evaluator that the institution did not provide sufficient evidence to demonstrate that the teaching and learning strategy used was adequate and designed for this programme.\line \line The evaluator questions the assessment practices in the programme. Although an assessment policy was uploaded\'2C it did not sufficiently address the requirements to accredit this criterion. The evaluator noted that\'2C although the policy referred to assessment techniques\'2C there were inconsistencies that could not be ignored. The policy\'2C for example\'2C referred to summative assessment at the end of the semester while in the application it was indicated at the end of a 4-week block period. Moderation\'2C internal and external\'2C is a key minimum standard of this criterion and was not mentioned in the assessment policy nor was a separate policy uploaded. The assessment policy did include WIL-related assessment but\'2C according to the evaluator\'2C it did not provide sufficient detail to assess its compliance with SANC requirements. The information provided did not adequately demonstrate its compliance with Reg.169 Sect.7 \'281\'29c that stipulates that a minimum of 60\'25 of formative clinical assessments be done in real life situations.\line \line According to the evaluator\'2C the evidence provided to determine the suitability of infrastructure and library service for this programme was not adequately addressed. The information provided was an inventory list that included all the equipment\'2C including wastepaper baskets in the school. Though the list contained IT equipment\'2C the evaluator pointed out that it was not possible to determine how it served the academic purposes of the programme. The library holdings too presented a further concern. The evaluator made specific mention that library holdings were neither current nor sufficient for this Higher Certificate. The evaluator found that infrastructure and library support were not adequate.\line \line The evaluator drew attention to a discrepancy between the use and existence of the Student Manager LMS system. The uploading of the brochure for the Student Manager LMS system is not considered as sufficient evidence and the evaluator\'2C therefore\'2C suggested that credible evidence of acquiring the system be provided. The evaluator also raised concerns related to the certification policy and requested that an updated one be provided.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing \'28120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. The Programme Design is not commensurate with the professional body \'28SANC\'29 requirements and contains structural curriculum and design shortcomings. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. The uncertainties surrounding the academic and support staff as outlined is also of concern. There was no firm evidence to demonstrate that support staff was in place or to be employed later. It is not clear whether the academic and support staff complement is sufficient for this programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 3 \'26 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. Incomplete policies related to teaching and learning and student assessment have been submitted. There are inconsistencies in the assessment policy. There is not sufficient detail on WIL-related assessment to determine compliance with SANC requirements.\line \line Information on internal and external moderation has not been provided.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 5 \'26 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}