{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 14th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH04\'2FE159CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Durban University of Technology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Postgraduate Diploma in Taxation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 128\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Ritson Road\'2F Mansfield\line 70 Mansfield Road \line Berea\line Durban\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Durban University of Technology \'28DUT\'29 is a public higher education Institution registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and also has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of the Postgraduate Diploma in Taxation programme which will be offered in a contact mode of delivery at the  Durban\'2C Ritson Road\'2F Mansfield.\line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of a Postgraduate Diploma in Internal Audit and a Postgraduate Diploma in Internal Audit which is still in process.\line \line DUT is currently accredited to offer the following programmes\'3A\line - Advanced Diploma in Taxation\line - Diploma in Taxation\line - Master of Accounting \'28HEQSF-Aligned and deemed accredited\'29\line - Advanced Diploma in Internal Audit \line - Diploma in Internal Auditing\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator stated that criteria 1\'2C 2\'2C and 6 are in need of improvement \'28NI\'29\'3B whilst criterion 5 meets minimum standards \'28MMS\'29 and criteria 3\'2C 4\'2C 7\'2C 8 and 9 do not comply \'28DNC\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Postgraduate Diploma in Taxation \'28128 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 1. Programme design MMS\line According to the evaluator\'2C this criterion did not meet minimum standards and was thus noted as NI. Reasons for this decision are indicated below.\line \line The evaluator was satisfied that the programme was consonant with the institution\'C3\'83\'C2\'A2\'C3\'A2\'E2\'80\'9A\'C2\'AC\'C3\'A2\'E2\'80\'9E\'C2\'A2s mission and cited the institution\'C3\'83\'C2\'A2\'C3\'A2\'E2\'80\'9A\'C2\'AC\'C3\'A2\'E2\'80\'9E\'C2\'A2s mission as striving \'C3\'83\'C2\'A2\'C3\'A2\'E2\'80\'9A\'C2\'AC\'C3\'8B\'C5\'93to develop leaders for the information society through excellence and creative innovation and social entrepreneurship. \'28msi\'29\line \line The evaluator noted that the programme met HEQSF requirements. Modules\'2C according to the evaluator\'2C were correctly named\'2C carried appropriate credit weighting and that the total credit value for the qualification was correct. \'28ms ii\'29\line \line According to the evaluator\'2C the learning outcomes\'2C the curriculum for this programme and the learning needs were appropriate. To support this\'2C the evaluator confirmed that this programme equipped students with \'C3\'83\'C2\'A2\'C3\'A2\'E2\'80\'9A\'C2\'AC\'C3\'8B\'C5\'93advanced knowledge in taxation appropriate for the public and private sector. As such\'2C the theoretical depth of the programme was in line with the curriculum design. \'28ms iii\'2C iv \'26v\'29\line \line The evaluator was satisfied that the design provided students with appropriate opportunities for articulation with other programmes within and across institutions. In this respect\'2C the evaluator specifically referred to vertical articulation into the level 9 Master of Accounting in Taxation and level 10 DPhil in Taxation. To further demonstrate this\'2C the evaluator made specific mention of cognate programmes offered across institutions. \'28ms iii \'26v\'29\line The evaluator was satisfied that the modules offered in the programme were correctly planned in terms of design\'2C credit weighting and rules of combination. This was supported by the observation that rules of combination were outlined and that each module was an independent component of the programme. The learning outcomes and competences expected of students were explained. This was evident from the observation that students understood the requirements of the programme and the skills they would acquire. \'28ms vi\'2C vi \'26 ii\'29\line \line According to the evaluator\'2C the characteristics and needs of the programme are explicit and students understand that they can integrate private and professional sectors. This is supported by the evaluator\'C3\'83\'C2\'A2\'C3\'A2\'E2\'80\'9A\'C2\'AC\'C3\'A2\'E2\'80\'9E\'C2\'A2s observation that the programme\'C3\'83\'C2\'A2\'C3\'A2\'E2\'80\'9A\'C2\'AC\'C3\'A2\'E2\'80\'9E\'C2\'A2s focus on Taxation Law and Policy is wide reaching. \'28ms ix\'29\line \line The Directorate does not agree with the evaluator that this programme fails to meet the minimum standards for programme design. According to the reasoning provided\'2C the evidence points to this criterion as met. The Directorate therefore considers this criterion as meet and notes it as MMS.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 2. Student recruitment MMS\line The evaluator noted this criterion as NI. Reasons for this decision are explained below\'3A\line \line According to the evaluator\'2C adequate explanation was provided regarding the programme\'C3\'A2\'E2\'82\'AC\'E2\'84\'A2s admission criteria and was satisfied that these were in line with national legislation. Information regarding this programme will be distributed and marketed to relevant industries to attract students\'2Fcandidates already in employment as well as used the opportunity of Skills Development Levy for this. \'28I\'2C iii \'26 v\'29\line \line The evaluator was satisfied that the entrance requirements for this Postgraduate qualification were adequately explained and in line with the complexity of the programme. Specific mention was made that the limited space available influenced the selection criteria to include level of achievement in the Advanced Diploma in Taxation and in modules like Financial Reporting 4A\'2C International Taxation 4\'2C Tax Option Writing 4 and Estates Taxation 4. In addition\'2C the evaluator noted that enrolment was limited to 40 students for the period 2021-2025 and that this was in line with the Faculty enrolment plan. \'28ms iii \'26 iv\'29\line \line According to the evaluator\'2C Criterion 2 in general complied with the minimum standards except that it did not indicate marketing strategies to be used for this programme. Furthermore\'2C the evaluator found that no provision was made for students that may have to repeat.\line \line The Directorate noted the concerns of the evaluator but does not agree with the NI decision for the following reasons. This is a Postgraduate qualification and targets students with experience and\'2For already in employment. In this regard\'2C the faculty incorporating the Skills Development Levy is for example already using targeted strategy to market this programme as well as addressing the widening of access. \line \line The Directorate accepts the concerns of the evaluator regarding the question of repeating students but does not fully accept the evaluator\'C3\'A2\'E2\'82\'AC\'E2\'84\'A2s reasoning. The Directorate would argue that at-risk students would be identified through formative assessment tasks and that where a student would have to repeat\'2C it\'C3\'A2\'E2\'82\'AC\'E2\'84\'A2d probably be a module or two rather than the entire programme.\line \line With this in mind\'2C the Directorate would agree with the evaluator\'C3\'A2\'E2\'82\'AC\'E2\'84\'A2s overall finding that this criterion in general meets the minimum standards. It should be noted as MMS.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 3. Staffing MMS\line As a public institution\'2C DUT is not required to provide data on staffing as its quality assurance office is tasked with ensuring implementation. This criterion is thus deemed to be accredited.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 4. Teaching and learning strategy MMS\line The evaluator noted this criterion as MMS. Reasons for this decision are indicated below\'3A\line \line The evaluator was satisfied that the promotion of student learning was recognised and remarked that the Department of Taxation emphasised quality teaching and learning. The evaluator noted that these were aligned to DUTs mission\'2C philosophy and student centredness. \'28msi\'29\line \line The evaluator was satisfied that an appropriate teaching and learning strategy was in place. To demonstrate this\'2C the evaluator noted that the teaching methods for this programme included a mix of formal lectures\'2C class discussions as well as methods like brainstorming\'2C Case-Based Small Group Discussions. \'28msii\'29\line \line According to the evaluator\'2C appropriate mechanisms were in place to monitor student progress and identify at-risk learners. The use of the first assessment and the review of marks obtained was an indicator to identify inactive and at-risk students. They would be encouraged to consult with lecturers and be directed to the appropriate instance offered at the institution for support. \'28ms ii\'29\line \line The Directorate agreed with the evaluator that this criterion be noted as MMS\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 5. Student assessment MMS\line The evaluator noted this criterion as NI. Reasons for this decision are indicated below\'3A\line \line The evaluator was satisfied that the assessment strategies used in the programme were aligned with the DUT Assessment Policy. \'28msi\'29\line \line The evaluator noted that the formative assessment tasks were designed to support student development and used to provide feedback on teaching and learning process as well. Summative assessments were used to determine student achievements as well as measure their acquired competence. Students were given feedback on assessment tasks within 10 working days of having completed the task. The evaluator was satisfied that the monitoring of student progress in this programme was in place. \'28ms i\'29\line \line The evaluator was further satisfied that processes of internal and external moderation were in place. This was evident from the observation that moderation provided a reliability check on the assessment process. \'28ms i\'29\line \line The evaluator considered the assessment practices and processing of results as valid\'2C reliable and secure. In this regard\'2C the evaluator mentioned the secure ITS system used. \'28msi\'29.\line \line According to the evaluator\'2C the absence of information related to staff competence was sufficient to award an NI decision. The Directorate does not agree with the evaluator as DUT is a public institution and in line with criteria on staffing and infrastructure\'2C this should be regarded as assured by the QA office within the institution.\line \line This criterion is therefore changed to MMS.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 6. Infrastructure and library MMS\line As a public institution\'2C DUT does not have to provide data for this criterion as its quality assurance office is tasked with ensuring implementation. This criterion is thus deemed to be accredited.\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql 7. Programme administrative services MMS\line As a public institution\'2C DUT does not have to provide data for this criterion as its quality assurance office is tasked with ensuring implementation. This criterion is thus deemed to be accredited.\line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \'C2\'A0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 8. Postgraduate policies and procedures NI\line The evaluator noted this criterion as DNC. Reasons for this decision are outlined below\'3A\line \line According to the evaluator\'2C the institution failed to provide information for this criterion and was thus noted as DNC.\line \line The Directorate agreed with the evaluator that the institution provide information for this criterion. In this respect\'2C it would like to confirm the postgraduate status of this programme. The entrance requirements stipulated in criterion 2 requires applicants to have prior qualifications before being allowed to enrol. More importantly\'2C the qualification is titled Postgraduate Diploma in Taxation.\line \line Criterion 9\'3A Postgraduate Policies\'2C Regulations and Procedures\line \'E2\'80\'A2 The institution must provide information demonstrating the Postgraduate status of this programme and as per criterion 9\line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql The institution must provide information demonstrating the Postgraduate status of this programme and as per criterion 9\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}