{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR455\'2FE001CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Camelot International \'28Pty\'29 LTD \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Somatology and Wellness\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 0\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Camelot Houghton \'2FHead Office\line No 7 11th Avenue\line Corner 7th Street\line Houghton\line 2198\line \line Camelot Pretoria\line 924 Pretorius Street\line Arcadia\line Pretoria \line \line \line Camelot East Rand\line 180 Madeley Rd\line Dayanglen\line Boksburg\line 1459\line \line \line Camelot Cape Town\line 1st Floor\'2C Gihon Building\'2C Cnr Bill Bezuidenhout Road and Sportica\'2C Road\'2C Tygervalley\'2C Bellville\'2C 7530\line \line Camelot Durban\line 26 Chaceley Place\line Morningside\line Durban\line 4001\line \line \line Camelot Bloemfontein\line 45 President Steyn Street \line Westdene \line Bloemfontein \line 9301\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Camelot International is a private higher education institution that is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has programmes that are accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for a Diploma in Somatology and Wellness programme which will be offered in a contact mode of delivery at the following sites\'3A\line - Camelot Bloemfontein campus\line - Camelot Durban campus\line - Camelot Cape Town campus\line - Camelot East Rand campus\line - Camelot Pretoria\line - Camelot Houghton \'2FHead Office \line \line The Institution has also applied for the accreditation of the following programmes\'3A\line - Diploma in Health and Skincare\line - Diploma in Holistic and Natural Therapies\line - Diploma in Therapeutic Aromatherapy\line - Diploma in Therapeutic Massage\line - Diploma in Therapeutic Reflexology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator found that the programme needs improvement regarding Criteria 1\'2C 2\'2C 3 and 5 and recommended that the programme be accredited with conditions. The Institution has documented all the necessary policies regarding the envisaged programme.\line \line The professional programme to be offered at Camelot\'2C is an NQF level 6 Diploma with 360 credits that is aligned with the institutional mission and forms part of the institutional planning. The programme is placed at CESM 09 Health Professions and Related Clinical Sciences with the 1st Qualifier being 0921 Somatic Bodywork and Related Therapeutic Services\'3B however\'2C the envisaged CESM that the Institution plans to offer the programme is also linked to the 2nd Qualifier 092199 Somatic Bodywork and Related Therapeutic Services.  \line \line The curriculum has been designed to meet the outcomes which are aligned to NQF level 6. The structure of the curriculum is benchmarked against the international standard and it also addresses the industry needs.  The submission indicates that the modules have been divided into compulsory and optional modules \'2Felectives. It should be noted that the majority of the listed optional\'2Felective modules such as Make-up\'2C Manicure\'2C Pedicure and waxing are currently offered at NQF level 4 and the Institution has placed them at NQF level 5 in their curriculum. It should also be noted that these above-mentioned electives stated on the programme are bearing higher credits than the compulsory modules such as Applied Physics and Chemistry\'2C Nutrition\'2C Sterilization\'2C First Aid\'2C Applied Communication and Business Administration. The curriculum and the modules could do with further reflection since more that 60\'25 of the modules are offered as electives\'2F optional modules.\line \line Section 1.7 provides a clear description of fundamental compulsory modules and elective modules however\'2C the major modules that indicates the difference between Somatology and Massage Therapy clearly indicates that Electrotherapy forms part of Massage Therapy while the institution that has been identified for possible articulations already offer Electrotherapy as part of Somatology.  These findings might hinder the envisage vertical or horizontal articulation as stated by the Institution. It is also noted that the Institution uses words such as \'22Hydrotherapy Body Treatments Thesis\'22 the word Thesis has scientific connotation and requires a student to be at NQF level 8 to be competent to engage in a Thesis.\line \line Currently\'2C the programme also states that it offers a Pharmacology module in the second year of study.  In accordance to the CESM categories Pharmacology is the 1st Qualifier CESM 130901 which is an area of study which focuses on the scientific study of drug interactions on biological systems and organisms and the sources\'2C chemical properties\'2C biological effects\'2C and therapeutic uses of drugs. It is suggested that the Institution should relook at renaming the module.\line \line The programme offers a Work-integrated learning \'28WIL\'29 component of the students\'27 educational training. This will allow their learning experience to translate into employment within the related workforce.\line \line In respect of institutional planning\'2C the proposed qualification will create a vertical articulation to postgraduate qualifications at NQF level 7 - Advanced Diploma in Health and Wellness\'2C e.g. Isa Carsten\'27s Advanced Diploma in Dermal Aesthetics while horizontal articulation within PHEI\'27s would be the Potchefstroom Academy\'27s Advanced Diploma in Somatology. The Institution ought to confirm if the comprehensive institutions are also offering qualifications in Somatology to allow further articulation.  \line \line The student recruitment documentation for the envisaged programme indicates that various forms of recruitment will be employed. The minimum student admission requirements have been provided. It is crucial to also state that the Institution does not specify the APS score that should be considered for prospective students. The Institution indicates that it requires 50\'25 in English\'2C Life Orientation\'2C Mathematics Literacy\'2FMathematics. In addition\'2C a minimum of 60\'25 in three of the other compulsory modules. \line \line The Institution states that the academic staff members responsible for the programme are suitably qualified and have sufficient relevant experience and teaching and assessment competence and research profiles are adequate for the nature and level of the programme.  It is however important to note that one of the staff members has a Diploma in Somatology and will be offering Anatomy and Physiology\'2C Nutrition and Chemistry at a Diploma leve\'2Cl which is at the same level that this person has qualified in. It is further noted that all these three modules require subject specialists such as Somatologists for facials\'2C waxing\'2C manicure\'2C body therapy and massage therapies. \line \line Two staff members are qualified with BTech Somatology\'2C a level higher than a Diploma\'3B however\'2C the challenge is that both staff members also offer subjects such as Business Administration and Psychology which again require subject specialists. Another staff member holds a BTech Agriculture and Animal Science and additional qualifications in Therapeutic Reflexology and will offer Pathophysiology and Pharmacology which requires subject specialists. It is however noted that on the Pretoria site the Institution has qualified staff members. All the qualified staff members must offer modules that they are competent in or they specialize in. \line \line The Institution has submitted an Employment Equity Plan where 14 of their academic staff members are black and 19 staff members are white. The majority of their staff members are employed on a permanent basis. The Institution also has adequate support staff members for all sites. The Institution has clearly indicated the rules and responsibility of academic and non-academic staff members at all sites. \line \line The programme is designed to be offered in face to face contact\'2C but independent learning is also promoted\'2C and WIL is included to allow for gaining experience. The programme uses bi-annual progress reports for the monitoring and evaluation of students\'27 progress. Prospective students will be required to complete both formative and summative assessment\'2C assignments\'2C research projects\'2C case studies. The lecturers are also encouraged to provide feedback timely. Students with learning challenges are provided different methods of support to ensure that they fit within the field of learning.\line \line The programme will be assessed through an integrated system of assessment. The assessment method will be both theoretical and practical in nature. The prospective students will be assessed through written\'2C oral and applied skill techniques. Competency of the envisaged assessors is based on academic qualifications\'2C practical and lecturing experience. In relation to practical assessment the subject expect will use set assessment criteria with relevant exit level outcomes. Both formative and summative assessments\'27 reliability and validity are ensured through both first and second assessors while moderation will be conducted internally and externally\'2C as required by the institutional Assessment and Moderation Policy. In the final year of study prospective students will be assessed by external moderators. \line \line Students\'27 attendance will be monitored through a class register. Monitoring of the envisaged programme impact is externally evaluated by assessors\'2Fmoderators from international bodies \'28ITEC\'2FCIDESCO\'29 through student participation in their relevant theoretical and practical summative assessments. \line \line There is an indication that adequate classrooms\'2C seminar rooms\'2C practical rooms of teaching and learning facilities in relation to the proposed programme are available and that the Institution complies with health and occupational safety regulations. The Institution can accommodate prospective students ranging from 36 to 80\'2C depending on the site that the programme is offered. The Institution has adequate Somatology and Wellness equipment on the sites that the programme is offered. The library infrastructure differs based on the site the programme is offered. IT infrastructure is also available on the sites where the programme is offered. Each institutional site has uploaded its policies.\line \line The Institution has efficient administrative staff members to facilitate communication between all relevant stakeholders\'2C in order to relay and provide pertinent information. It further receives IT support through a company called VNS\'2C which provides central support and assistance via a team of technicians in order to assist with and resolve any IT related issues. All students\'27 academic records will be stored as hard and digital copies. The prospective student\'27s performance records such as assignments\'2C tests\'2C examinations and final results are entered into the student management system to be cross-checked and signed-off by Branch Managers. The branch manager will be responsible for ensuring that all results captured are valid and accurate in order to determine whether a student has actually achieved competence. Once the student\'27s results have been verified by the Student Management System and the competencies have been finalized\'2C students will receive their final reports upon completion of the three-year programme and obtain their Diploma in Somatology and Wellness. \line \line The evaluator has identified certain issues that need to be addressed by the Institution. It was noted that the Institution \'28at all sites\'29 has areas where it needs to improve\'2C  particularly with regards to the staff members and the modules they are envisaged to offer. It is vital to ensure that the Institution invests also in subject specialists for modules such as Physics\'2C Psychology\'2C Dermatology\'2C Chemistry\'2C Nutrition\'2C Business Studies\'2C Anatomy and Physiology to ensure that prospective students receives educational support that will develop them into holistic therapists.\line \line The Directorate recommends that this programme be accredited with conditions.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Somatology and Wellness \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The Institution should clarify the relationship between compulsory and elective modules and correct the overloading towards the latter since more that 60\'25 of the modules are offered as electives\'2F optional modules. In addition\'2C the Institution should review the naming of the module.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. The Institution should clarify the use of \'22thesis\'22 for assignment\'28s\'29 in the programme.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 3. The Institution should specify the student entry requirements and the APS score that should be considered for prospective students.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 4. The Institution should provide evidence that the identified staff members are subject specialist and are appropriately qualified and competent to teach in the field that they specialize in\'2C as per the modules to be offered as part of the curriculum.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 3\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}