{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR154\'2FE008CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Inscape Education Group\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Design \'26 Applied Arts in Interior Design\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Pretoria\line 193 Corobay Avenue\line Waterkloof Glen\line Pretoria 0181\line \line Midrand\line 353 Alexandra Road\line Halfway Gardens\line \line \line Cape Town\line 408 The Armoury\line Buchanan Square\line 160 Sir Lowry Road\line Woodstock\line Cape Town\line \line Durban\line 635-641 Peter Mokaba Ridge\line Overport\line Durban\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Inscape Education Group is a private higher education institution that is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training and has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The institution applied for the accreditation of a Bachelor of Design and Applied Arts in Interior Design which was tabled at the AC meeting held on the 19th \'E2\'80\'93 21st of November 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 14th of February 2019.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A\line \line 1. The programme design and the structure of the Bachelor of Design and Applied Arts in Interior Design duplicates the application for the BDesign programme\'2C in every detail. The Institution has not motivated why this programme is for a separate qualification while using the same structure as the BDesign \'28H\'2FPR154\'2FE009CAN\'29 qualification.\line 2. The application states that a common first year will be shared with the BDesign qualification in addition to some core subjects on second- and third-year level. This sharing proposal is not clearly articulated in terms staff members\'2C physical teaching space and equipment resources. The Institution has not demonstrated how quality teaching and learning will be possible within the scenario that is described.\line 3. The Institution has not clarified the specialisation in the programme as the BDesign qualification indicates various specialisations. The separation of one specialisation into a new qualification should be justified clearly.\line 4. The Institution has not clarified the progression of knowledge and skills in the programme. An obvious example is the software subject that seems to be repeated and does not indicate which software packages will be covered.\line 5. The application and supporting documents make mention of the BDesign programme and not the Bachelor of Design \'26 Applied Arts in Interior Design.\line 6. It would appear that the same staff members will be teaching on the Bachelor of Design \'26 Applied Arts in Interior Design as those offering the Bachelor of Design concurrently\'2C across campuses. There is no information demonstrating the correlation between subject expertise\'2C qualification and industry experience.\line 7. The Institution has not indicated if the books on the reading list that was uploaded have been purchased\line 8. The Institution has not clarified the budget for the Bachelor of Design \'26 Applied Arts in Interior Design. The document submitted is a duplicate of the B Design budget document implying that there is no separate consideration for the Bachelor of Design \'26 Applied Arts in Interior Design.\line 9. The Institution has not clarified how it intends to address the unevenness in facilities and equipment across campuses. Library resource procurement should be included in this document.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator considered the original application\'2C the reasons for the representation\'2C the HEQC recommendation not to accredit the programme and the representation submitted by the Institution and recommended that the programme be accredited with conditions. Based on the information provided by the Institution\'2C the evaluator recommends accreditation with conditions. The Institution has responded in detail to all the reasons as listed below which has been reviewed. The summation of the findings are listed below each reason.\line \line In the recommendation made by the HEQC it was stated that the programme design and the structure of the programme duplicates the application for the BDesign programme\'2C in every detail. The Institution has not motivated why this programme is for a separate qualification while using the same structure as the BDesign \'28H\'2FPR154\'2FE009CAN\'29 qualification. The Institution has responded by indicating that re-curriculation was in response to professional body requirements and that as a result of changes in the sector\'2C the new qualification was proposed. While the structure of this new programme is largely similar to the B Design\'2C the specialisation allows for a more focused engagement with the body of knowledge of interior design.\line \line The HEQC recommendation stated that the application states that a common first year will be shared with the BDesign qualification in addition to some core subjects on second- and third-year level. This sharing proposal is not clearly articulated in terms staff members\'2C physical teaching space and equipment resources. The Institution has not demonstrated how quality teaching and learning will be possible within the scenario that is described. The Institution has responded in detail and provided supporting documentation in support of the responses. Teaching students in a common first year is explained as well the institution has provided student numbers across the campuses and the academic workload thereof. Furthermore\'2C details of the facilities and infrastructure are provided to demonstrate capacity. Based on the information provided\'2C this matter has been addressed. \line \line Another HEQC recommendation specified that the the Institution has not clarified the specialisation in the programme as the BDesign qualification indicates various specialisations. The separation of one specialisation into a new qualification should be justified clearly. The response is similar to reason 1 and the evaluator is of the view that the link to the professional body and the new competencies required\'2C form the basis for the specialization.\line \line Another concern raised by the HEQC stated that the Institution has not clarified the progression of knowledge and skills in the programme. An obvious example is the software subject that seems to be repeated and does not indicate which software packages will be covered. The supporting documentation is very detailed and specific in respect of the different level outcomes. The evaluator is of the view that the institution has responded in detail with sufficient evidence provided regarding the software packages. However\'2C the Institution needs to clarify why the following modules at Third-Year Level namely are not externally moderated.\line \'E2\'80\'A2 Business Management \'28Common\'29\line \'E2\'80\'A2 Visual Communication III \'28Common\'29\line \'E2\'80\'A2 Computer Application III \'28Discipline specific\'29\line \line The HEQC recommendation stated that the application and supporting documents make mention of the BDesign programme and not the Bachelor of Design \'26 Applied Arts in Interior Design. The Institution gave the assurance that the documentation has been revisited and corrected where appropriate. The Application Form indicates sufficiently enough that the programme in question is the Bachelor of Design \'26 Applied Arts in Interior Design.\line \line The Institution was informed that it appeared that the same staff members will be teaching on the Bachelor of Design \'26 Applied Arts in Interior Design as those offering the Bachelor of Design concurrently\'2C across campuses. There is no information demonstrating the correlation between subject expertise\'2C qualification and industry experience.  The work allocation documentation is very comprehensive and detailed and information per site of delivery is provided. Detailed information is provided demonstrating that the institution has ensured the relevant expertise to be matched with the module. This has been addressed. \line \line In the HEQC recommendation it was indicated that the Institution had not indicated if the books on the reading list that were uploaded have been purchased. Details of the resources available within the library and that which has been proposed are provided. The evaluator is satisfied that this matter has been addressed. \line \line The Institution also had not clarified the budget for the Bachelor of Design \'26 Applied Arts in Interior Design. It was further indicated that the document that was submitted was a duplicate of the B Design budget document implying that there is no separate consideration for the Bachelor of Design \'26 Applied Arts in Interior Design. The budget submitted indicates the budget allocations for campus facilities such as classes\'2C equipment and staff members which was already explained\'2C is largely shared between the various programmes offered by the Institution. Further clarification is provided on the usage of devices and the manner in which these are made available to students. This matter has been addressed.\line \line Lastly the HEQC recommendation stated that the Institution had not clarified how it intends to address the unevenness in facilities and equipment across campuses. Based on the information provided which includes per campus allocations\'2C the evaluator is of the view that this matter has been addressed.\line \line Based on the above\'2C the programme is recommended for accreditation with a condition. \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Bachelor of Design \'26 Applied Arts in Interior Design \'28360 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The Institution should clarify why the following modules at third-year level are not externally moderated\'3A\line -   Business Management \'28Common\'29\line -   Visual Communication III \'28Common\'29\line -   Computer Application III \'28Discipline specific\'29\line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}