{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR035\'2FE114CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql The Independent Institute of Education \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Digital Marketing\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 121\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql IIE Rosebank College\'2C Pretoria\line 1st Floor \line 239 Pretorius Street\line PRETORIA\line 0001\line \line IIE Rosebank College\'2C Braamfontein Mega\line 23 Jorissen Street\line Braamfontein\line \line \line IIE Rosebank College Polokwane\line 54 Church Street\line Polokwane\line \line \line IIE Rosebank College - Bloemfontein\line 97 St Andrews Street\'2C Bloemfontein\'2C 9301\line \line IIE Rosebank College - Pietermaritzburg\'2C\line 110 - 118 Chief Albert Luthuli Street\line PIETERMARITZBURG\line 3201\line \line \line IIE Rosebank College - Durban\line 221 Dr Pixley KaSeme Street\line Durban\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Independent Institute of Education \'28IIE\'29 is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a Private Higher Education Institution and has programmes accredited by the CHE. \line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of the Higher Certificate in Digital Marketing which will be offered in the contact mode of delivery at the following six sites\'3A\line \line 1. IIE Rosebank College\'2C Pretoria - Pretoria \line 2. IIE Rosebank College\'2C Braamfontein Mega - Braamfontein\'2C Johannesburg \line 3. IIE Rosebank College Polokwane - Polokwane \line 4. IIE Rosebank College - Bloemfontein - Bloemfontein \line 5. IIE Rosebank College - Pietermaritzburg\'2C - Pietermaritzburg \line 6. IIE Rosebank College - Durban - Durban. \line \line The IIE has also applied for the accreditation of a Diploma in Commerce in Marketing Management. \line \line The Institution offers various accredited programmes\'2C including the following\'3A \line \line - Bachelor of Commerce in Digital Marketing \'28contact mode\'29\line - Diploma in Marketing Management \'28contact mode\'29\line - Bachelor of Business Administration in Marketing \'28distance mode\'29\line - Bachelor of Business Administration in Marketing \'28contact mode\'29.\line \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The Higher Certificate in Digital Marketing was designed to develop graduates who can demonstrate introductory knowledge and skills in the digital marketing field\'2C and have applied this knowledge and these skills within a simulated work environment. Students will be able to understand digital marketing practices and techniques\'2C including the role and practice of communication\'2C marketing and campaign planning. The design of the programme will facilitate learning through the exposure to\'2C and application of\'2C vocational learning areas to enable graduates to apply their knowledge and skills in the digital marketing environment. The introductory knowledge\'2C coupled with practical skills\'2C enables successful students to enter a number of career paths and to apply their learning to particular employment contexts from the outset. \line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme is consonant with the institution\'E2\'80\'99s mission that focuses on vocationally oriented qualifications. It is indicated that the institution approved the qualification on 2018-02-22 indicating that it forms part of institutional planning and resource allocation.\line \line The Higher Certificate in Digital Marketing meets national requirements for an NQF level 5 programme. The nine proposed modules and the units within these modules are intellectually credible for this field and deals with an appropriate level of knowledge and skills. The programme is designed coherently as all modules contribute to the clearly stated exit level outcomes. \line \line Various options for vertical articulation from the Higher Certificate in Digital Marketing were provided. The admission and selection criteria adhere to current legislation and are commensurate with the programme\'E2\'80\'99s academic requirements. \line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme meets minimum requirements in terms of staffing \'28Criterion 3\'29. The CVs of 238 academic and support staff members responsible for the programme delivery over the six sites of delivery were submitted. All identified staff members are suitably qualified. Also\'2C all identified staff have sufficient relevant experience and teaching competence as described in their CVs.  An official policy - \'5BIIE027\'5D Student Services Academic Development and Lecturer Resource Allocation - was submitted that described all staff development activities. It is clear the institution provides opportunities for academic staff to enhance their competencies and support their professional growth and development. \line \line In terms of Criterion 4\'2C the evaluator noted that the ratio of full-time to part-time staff is appropriate\'2C except for the Bloemfontein and Pietermaritzburg campuses that do not have any full-time staff allocated to the programme. However\'2C the evaluator feels that the issue of a lack of full-time staff on the Bloemfontein and Pietermaritzburg sites of delivery is not serious enough to warrant a condition.\line \line The recruitment and employment of staff follow relevant legislation\'2C and appropriate administrative procedures. HR policies were submitted that addressed all the required legislative processes. The institution should be commended for the racial and gender diversity of the academic staff involved in this programme. Equity is addressed in the Group Policy Employment Equity.\line \line The teaching and learning strategy is subject to the institutional teaching and learning policy and procedures. It is clear from the content described in the Handbook for Developers\'2C Lecturer Resource Pack Module Feedback Form and Integrated Curriculum Engagement \'28ICE\'29 that the institution gives recognition to the importance of promoting student learning.  \line \line The evaluator indicated that the teaching and learning strategy is highly appropriate for the institutional type and mode of delivery as well as the student composition anticipated in the Higher Certificate in Digital Marketing.\line \line The institution has established institutional systems and mechanisms in place to monitor student progress\'2C evaluate the programme and improve or maintain the quality of the programme. Also\'2C the institution has the policy structure\'2C processes and capacity in terms of systems\'2C structures\'2C policies\'2C procedures and processes for materials design\'2C development and delivery of this programme. \line \line The evaluator indicated that assessment is subject to the institutional assessment policy and procedures. There is sufficient evidence that processes are in place to ensure that minimum expected standards will be met. \line \line Monitoring of student progress is web-based. In addition\'2C the institution has system reports\'2C including an intelligence tool \'28KITSO\'29. Monitoring of student progress is therefore\'2C possible for each mark entered. The Teaching and Learning specialists and programme coordinators on each site along with their support teams are responsible for monitoring at each assessment point. The submitted Lecturer Resource Pack clearly outlines all these processes.\line \line The processes that ensure the explicitness\'2C validity and reliability of assessment practices are described in the \'5BIIE009\'5D Assessment Strategy and Policy.\line \line The institution provided detailed venue reports for all six sites of delivery. All the planned sites have suitable and sufficient venues to offer a Higher Certificate in Digital Marketing. Occupational Health and Safety certificates were also submitted for all sites of delivery.\line \line In the submission\'2C the IT infrastructure was addressed through a Financial Plan wherein the infrastructure strategy is clearly set out. Library resources are available for students and staff in the programme and are set out in the Actual Library Holdings - HC in Digital Marketing and Journals All Faculties documents submitted. The \'5BIIE008\'5D Library Policy ensures the proper management and maintenance of library resources\'2C including support and access for students and staff.  Staff development for library personnel takes place as staff undergo an orientation programme detailing\'2C amongst other items\'2C library\'2C IT and equipment usage. Staff training on IT systems and the use of the library is done during the staff induction. \line \line The programme has effective administrative services for providing information that is managed through the following policies\'3A \'5BIIE012\'5D Certification Policy\'2C Policy and Academic Governance System\'2C Student Records and \'5BIIE011\'5D Student Records Policy. It is stated in the submission that the institution has a custom developed national computer network\'2C with a centrally hosted web-based solution called SAM \'28System for Academic Management\'29. It provides all the functionality for academic and administrative support\'2C including the means to add online and multimedia support for modules online\'2C host discussion forums and interactive courseware\'2C as well as Financial and Academic aspects. The institution is able to manage programme information systems as demonstrated by the data supplied for the National Learners\'E2\'80\'99 Records Database. \line \line The integrity of processes leading to certification of the qualification obtained through the programme is achieved through Windows Server Active Directory authentication. All activity on the network is logged and saved. These logs are reviewed on a weekly basis or as the need arises. The institution is also using SQL Server security with Windows authentication to dictate permissions to database objects. There is an additional layer of security - also using Windows authentication - to control permissions to Application objects. Regular security audits and penetration tests are carried out to verify security. \line \line The evaluator noted that the application was thorough and concise\'2C and that the programme meets minimum requirements. The Directorate recommends that the programme be accredited.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Digital Marketing \'28121 credits\'2C Contact mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}