{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 4th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Representation in respect of non-accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH12\'2FE032CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql University of Pretoria\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Postgraduate Diploma in Technical and Vocational Education and Training\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 2 \'2F Part-time\'3A 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Groenkloof Campus\line 1 Leyds Street\line Groenkloof\line Pretoria\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The University of Pretoria is a Public Higher Education Institution with programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Postgraduate Diploma in Technical and Vocational Education and Training programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 31st July \'3F 02 August 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 13 September 2018.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A \line \line 1. The Institution has not clarified the articulation possibilities from this programme to a Master\'27s programme. \line \line 2. The approach to teaching and learning in this programme using the distance learning mode has not been clarified to ensure that students admitted into the programme are able to access all the facilities and have a quality learning experience.  \line \line 3. The Institution has not clarified whether the contact learning academics have support in the development of learning materials as it appears that the Distance Education Unit was not involved in the design at this stage. \line \line 4. The Institution has not explained the role of tutors and the level of support available for students who are not using the LMS\'2C the access to library books and whether there are mechanisms in place to moderate student activity online \line \line 5. The Institution has not provided a clear description of the exit level outcomes and the assessment criteria.  \line \line 6. A motivation has not been provided as to why Research Methodology is an elective given that all assignments require an action learning project. \line \line 7. The Institution has not clarified the Teaching and Learning Strategy to be used for students who are not online\'2C and whether the learning materials \'28print\'29 will be an adequate substitute for activities on the LMS. \line \line 8. The Institution has not clarified whether RPL is to be applied in this programme. \line \line 9. The Institution has not submitted an Enrolment Plan for this programme.\line \line The Institution has submitted a representation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The Postgraduate Diploma in Technical and Vocational Education and Training is an NQF Level 07 qualification \'28120 credits\'29\'2C designed to provide opportunities to people working in the TVET sector to undertake advanced study involving a systematic survey of current thinking\'2C practice and research in the area of specialisation. \line \line The Postgraduate Diploma in Technical and Vocational Education and Training programme was tabled at the Accreditation Committee meeting held on the 31st July \'3F 02 August 2018 and the HEQC meeting held on the 13 September 2018.\line \line The programme was not accredited for the following reasons\'3A \line 1. The Institution has not clarified the articulation possibilities from this programme to a Master\'27s programme. \line 2. The approach to teaching and learning in this programme using the distance learning mode has not been clarified to ensure that students admitted into the programme are able to access all the facilities and have a quality learning experience.  \line 3. The Institution has not clarified whether the contact learning academics have support in the development of learning materials as it appears that the Distance Education Unit was not involved in the design at this stage. \line 4. The Institution has not explained the role of tutors and the level of support available for students who are not using the LMS\'2C the access to library books and whether there are mechanisms in place to moderate student activity online \line 5. The Institution has not provided a clear description of the exit level outcomes and the assessment criteria.  \line 6. A motivation has not been provided as to why Research Methodology is an elective given that all assignments require an action learning project. \line 7. The Institution has not clarified the Teaching and Learning Strategy to be used for students who are not online\'2C and whether the learning materials \'28print\'29 will be an adequate substitute for activities on the LMS. \line 8. The Institution has not clarified whether RPL is to be applied in this programme. \line 9. The Institution has not submitted an Enrolment Plan for this programme.\line \line Condition 1\'3A\line The Institution has not clarified the articulation possibilities from this programme to a Master\'27s programme. \line \line In response to criterion 1\'2C the institution explained that the programme meets the requirements of the HEQSF for the qualification type and provides for articulation into a cognate Master\'3Fs qualification.\line The evaluator indicated that the programme meets minimum requirements for condition 1.\line \line Condition 2\'3A\line The approach to teaching and learning in this programme using the distance learning mode has not been clarified to ensure that students admitted into the programme are able to access all the facilities and have a quality learning experience.  \line \line The evaluator indicated that the teaching and learning strategy is appropriate for the institutional type and that the teaching and learning strategy contains mechanisms to ensure the appropriateness of teaching and learning methods. The programme meets minimum standards for this condition.\line \line Condition 3\'3A\line The Institution has not clarified whether the contact learning academics have support in the development of learning materials as it appears that the Distance Education Unit was not involved in the design at this stage. \line \line In response to this condition\'2C the institution explained that the Distance Education Unit is involved in the design and offering of the qualification. The learning designers\'2C tutors\'2C and manager in the Distance Education Unit generally support academic departments with the conversion of learning materials and study guides to a distance education format\'2C and with online support via our Learning Management System\'2C and contact sessions where applicable. Academics maintain the coherence and academic standards and assessment in the qualification. A full-time learning designer and an educational consultant are further sources of support for academic staff in the design of the curriculum\'2C study and learning materials\'2C as well as design of assessment activities.\line \line The programme meets minimum requirements for this condition.\line \line Condition 4\'3A\line The Institution has not explained the role of tutors and the level of support available for students who are not using the LMS\'2C the access to library books and whether there are mechanisms in place to moderate student activity online \line \line The institution explained that all students receive a package of learning materials by post that includes administration and tutorial booklets\'2C learning guides\'2C and textbooks or readers. UP also makes use of open access educational resources in addition to textbooks where possible. In addition\'2C all students have access to a module that prepares them for online engagement with the LMS. The tutors in the Distance Education Unit manage the delivery of the course content in collaboration with the contact academics who take responsibility for the quality of the content. The tutors act as mediators between academics and students\'2C and all efforts are made to offer timeous feedback on work assignments\'2C assessment and other support needed.\line \line The programme meets minimum requirements for this condition.\line \line Condition 5\'3A\line The Institution has not provided a clear description of the exit level outcomes and the assessment criteria.  \line \line In response to this condition\'2C UP refers the CHE to the accredited PGDip \'28TVT\'29 contact mode and confirm that the distance mode has the exact same exit level outcomes and assessment criteria as the accredited contact mode qualification.\line \line This is a separate application for programme accreditation that requires a clear list of learning outcomes and assessment criteria. The institution provided the learning outcomes and assessment criteria in their response\'2C but it is different from the learning outcomes and assessment criteria in the SAQA Application that was submitted with the application for programme accreditation.\line \line The institution should clarify the difference in learning outcomes and assessment criteria in the representation and the original SAQA application\'2C and provide a concise list with the learning outcomes for the qualification\'2C and assessment criteria.\line \line Condition 6\'3A\line A motivation has not been provided as to why Research Methodology is an elective given that all assignments require an action learning project. \line \line The institution explained that \'3Fresearch methodology\'3F was added as an elective to enable PGDip \'28TVT\'29\line graduates who want to progress diagonally to an academic Master of Education degree\'2C with the appropriate credits for a research component\'2C to enable them to access an academic MEd. Those who do not take the elective will still obtain credits for a research component\'2C but they will only be able to progress vertically into a professional Master\'3Fs degree.\line \line The Directorate notes that the research methodology module adds 16 credits to the curriculum\'2C and this in only research methodology. Research methodology does not substantiate a research component\'2C as a research component is regarded as supervised research that leads to a research output\'2C i.e. script\'2C dissertation or thesis \'28Refer to the programme descriptors in the HEQSF\'29.\line \line Furthermore\'2C all students in the PGDip \'28Technical and Vocational Training\'29 is required to do complete and action-research project to successfully complete the qualification. Some students choose to do methodology\'2C while others can do research without any exposure to basic research methodology. This may have an impact on the quality of the research in this qualification\'2C and the quality of the students\'3F experience. The institution is required to explain the various research modules and components in this PGDip\'2C and clarify the rationale for the optional research modules.\line \line Condition 7\'3A\line The Institution has not clarified the Teaching and Learning Strategy to be used for students who are not online\'2C and whether the learning materials \'28print\'29 will be an adequate substitute for activities on the LMS. \line \line As indicated earlier\'2C the core materials for the qualification will be available through the clickUP LMS and each module will have a dedicated e-library page providing access to additional readings. Whereas contact students will have access to regular on-campus tutorials\'2C and study group activities to complete between these tutorial sessions\'2C distance education students will have opportunities to engage in online discussion forums between more staggered contact sessions to be offered in decentralised venues over weekends. Distance education students will also be able to engage with student administration support by email\'2C SMS\'2C telephone and via the dedicated distance education call centre.\line \line The partly online nature of the hybrid distance education qualification will be communicated in all\line marketing and students will sign an acknowledgment that they have the necessary ICT access and\line skills. However\'2C an additional orientation to UP\'3Fs LMS and e-library services will be availed through a\line self-study programme as well as in decentralised contact tutorials prior to the start of the first block of study for each new cohort. In addition\'2C students who register for this qualification are required to have access to the LMS and will be supported to use it effectively. Printed study materials are not a replacement for the online learning component\'2C but are needed to enable students to engage effectively\line \line The programme meets minimum requirements for this condition.\line \line Condition 8\'3A\line The Institution has not clarified whether RPL is to be applied in this programme. \line \line The institution explained that UP allows credit accummulation and transfer \'28CAT\'29 up to a maximum of 50\'25 of the credits for the qualification based on appropriate assessment of evidence of competence related to the qualification and module outcomes. In addition\'2C students can may be admitted via recognition of prior learning \'28RPL\'29 with regard to admission to this or other qualifications in terms of UP\'3Fs RPL policy\'2C and based on a formal assessment of workplace experience\'2C or continuing professional development programmes. This institutional RPL Policy applies.\line \line The programme meets minimum requirements for this condition.\line \line Condition 9\'3A\line The Institution has not submitted an Enrolment Plan for this programme.\line \line In response to the condition\'2C the institution submitted enrolment figures for 2019 \'3F 2022 for both the contact and distance qualifications. For the distance qualification\'2C the institution plans to enrol 80 new students per year. The evaluator feels that the enrolment figures are not realistic. 80 students per annum in a PGDip programme seems reasonable and the Directorate notes that the programme meets minimum requirements for this condition.\line \line The institution addressed most of the condition in the representation and the Directorate recommends that the programme is accredited with conditions.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Postgraduate Diploma in Technical and Vocational Education and Training \'28120 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The Institution has not provided a clear description of the exit level outcomes and the assessment criteria\'2C and refers the HEQC to the contact programme to obtain information on the exit level outcomes and assessment criteria. Note that the contact and distance applications are two different applications that are not linked to one another for accreditation purposes. The institution provided the learning outcomes and assessment criteria in their response\'2C but it is different from the learning outcome and assessment criteria in the SAQA Application that was submitted with the application for programme accreditation. The institution should clarify the difference in learning outcomes and assessment criteria in the representation and the original SAQA application\'2C and provide a concise list with the learning outcomes for the qualification\'2C and assessment criteria.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. The rationale behind the module \'3FResearch Methodology\'3F\'2C offered as an elective is not clear\'2C given that all assignments require an action learning project. The research methodology module adds 16 credits to the curriculum\'2C and this in only research methodology. Research methodology does not substantiate a research component\'2C as a research component is regarded as supervised research that leads to a research output\'2C i.e. script\'2C dissertation or thesis \'28Refer to the programme descriptors in the HEQSF\'29. Furthermore\'2C all students in the PGDip \'28Technical and Vocational Training\'29 is required to do complete and action-research project to successfully complete the qualification. Some students choose to do methodology\'2C while others can do research without any exposure to basic research methodology. This may have an impact on the quality of the research in this qualification\'2C and the quality of the students\'3F experience. The institution is required to explain the various research modules and components in this PGDip\'2C and clarify the rationale for the optional research modules.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}