{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 13th August 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR646\'2FE003CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Optimum Learning Technologies \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Supply Chain Management\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 360\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 3 \'2F Part-time\'3A 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Optimum Main Campus\line Block D\'2C First Floor\'2C\line Belvedere Office Park\'2C\line Bela Rosa Street\'2C\line Rosenpark\'2C\line Cape Town\'2C\line 7468\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line Optimum Learning Technologies \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a Private Higher Education Institution with programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Diploma in Supply Chain Management programme which will be offered in a distance mode of delivery at Optimum Main Campus - Cape Town.\line \line Optimum Learning Technologies also applied for the accreditation of the following programmes which are still in progress\'3A\line \line - Advanced Certificate in Manufacturing Management\line - Diploma in Manufacturing Management \line - Higher Certificate in Operations Management\line - \line The Institution is accredited to offer the following programmes\'3A\line \line - Diploma in Supply Chain Technologies \'28mixed mode of delivery\'29\line - Advanced Diploma in Supply Chain Management \'28distance mode of delivery\'29\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator is of the view that this submission for accreditation has been poorly completed\'2C not properly edited and almost all the sections require much more detail.\line \line The programme is in line with the mission of the institution. The National List of Occupations in High Demand identified supply chain and logistics skills as being scarce in the South African economy. This qualification is designed to provide students with the necessary skills\'2C knowledge and competencies to develop a career within the supply chain industry and will also provide entrance to further supply chain-related studies.This programme consists of 16 compulsory modules and seven optional electives with a total credit value of 360. However\'2C it is not indicated how students will have to select from the optional electives to make up the 360 credits. Not one of the Level 6 modules have been developed for the 3rd year. This may cause problems with articulation to an Advanced Diploma. As Logistics is such a vital part of Supply Chain Management\'2C it is further advised that the module Logistics 2 be made a compulsory module and not an optional elective as shown currently. Another problem with the structure of the programme lies with the Work Integrated Learning \'28WIL\'29 modules. There are two WIL modules with a respective credit value of 30 and 60\'2C both on NQF level 6. In total\'2C the 90 WIL credits will require 900 notional hours to complete. It is not sufficiently explained how students who work in industry and\'2For those that do not work\'2C will complete the 900 notional hours.\line \line Marketing strategies for the programme include direct selling through business development consultants\'2C tele-marketing\'2C open days and key account management. The admission requirements are in line with legislation. The institution will also accept students through non-traditional channels of learning such as through Recognition of Prior \'28RPL\'29 learning. This is to provide an opportunity for applicants who possess skills acquired through life or work experience. This will be done in line with the Institution\'E2\'80\'99s RPL Policy and students accepted through this channel will not exceed more than 10\'25 of a cohort. \line \line There is one programme coordinator. Her name and qualifications\'2C together with her role and key responsibilities as programme coordinator\'2C are clearly indicated. The names of the lecturers who will teach on the programme\'2C together with their qualifications\'2C have also been provided. They all meet the one-up rule whereby each lecturer needs to be qualified at one level higher than the modules that they teach. The specific modules that the named lecturers will teach\'2C are not indicated. Secondly\'2C the programme coordinator is also a lecturer on the programme. She is in fact the only full-time lecturer on the programme\'2C while the other six lecturers are all part-time. It needs to be explained how these seven lecturers will be able to teach all 23 modules in the distance mode of delivery\'2C especially as six of them are appointed on a part-time basis. The institution has not provided the full policies required for staffing. For the explanation of whether there is sufficient support staff in place\'2C it is merely stated in the submission that the institution provides training on Moodle\'2C online lecturing\'2C marking and support\'2C as well as best practice for distance learning. The institution has not provided CVs for the staff members listed. As far as measures that are in place to ensure that administrative\'2Fsupport staff are sufficient for the programme\'2C it is merely stated that administrative\'2Fsupport staff will be recruited in line with the enrolment plan. \line \line The institution has provided insufficient detail with regard to the requirements for teaching and learning. The teaching methods and the materials development for the achievement for this particular mode as not been expanded on sufficiently. The mechanisms in place to monitor student progress\'2C evaluate programme impact and effect improvement are poorly explained. Students identified to be at risk as a result of poor performance or lack of participation are issued with a \'E2\'80\'98student at risk report\'E2\'80\'99 and a remedial process is discussed. Remedial action will include additional individual lecture sessions with the lecturer of the module and coaching sessions where applicable. The process is implemented and overseen by the programme manager.\line \line The assessment policy in relation to the programme is poorly explained and lacks proper editing. It is stated that formative assessments contribute 60\'25 towards the final mark and is calculated as follows\'3A Online tests contributing 20\'25 towards a student\'27s semester mark. The number of tests may vary between modules with a minimum of 1 and a maximum of 4 online tests. Assignments contributing 30\'25 towards a student\'27s semester mark. The number of assignments may vary between modules with a minimum of 1 and a maximum of 4 assignments. Continuous assessments contributing 10\'25 towards a student\'27s semester mark. However\'2C it is not indicated what the continuous assessment consists of. Summative assessments contribute 40\'25 to a student\'27s final module result and consists of three sections. Formative assessments are internally reviewed and moderated\'2C while summative assessments are internally reviewed and externally moderated. Ten percent of all scripts for every module will be moderated externally if there are more than 50 students. In the event that there are less than 50 students\'2C fewer scripts are externally moderated. \'E2\'80\'9CLogbooks or proposals\'E2\'80\'9D are mentioned as forming part of summative assessment\'2C but it is not explained what these are for and how these are assessed. Feedback is given to students within a timeframe of two \'282\'29 weeks. Students will receive individual feedback on each of their assessments on the portal and general feedback in line with areas of concern will be discussed during online lectures. Feedback on formative assessments will be communicated to students before the due date of the summative assessment. This will give students an opportunity to reflect and act on the feedback. If students do not agree with the outcome of a review\'2C they have the right to take the process to an appeals process. \line It is mentioned in the submission that the institution uses a Moodle-based system to deliver the programme.  It also uses an online lecture facility\'2C which is available on Moodle\'2C called \'E2\'80\'98Mconf\'E2\'80\'99. There is also a virtual library available on Moodle. However\'2C how students obtain access to the online lecture facility\'2C how it functions and what is available on the virtual library\'2C is not explained and requires a more detailed explanation. As far as hardware is concerned\'2C the on-campus library has two laptops and Wi-Fi is available for students who \'E2\'80\'9Cwhich\'E2\'80\'9D to be on campus. It is also mentioned that computers and printers are available for staff members. How many and when these are available for use\'2C are not explained.\line \line The virtual library that is available on the Moodle platform has textbooks\'2C journal articles\'2C magazines\'2C prescribed and recommended readings\'2C as well as videos. It also \'E2\'80\'9Cincludes\'E2\'80\'9D links and access to other sources of information. The on-campus library keeps textbooks\'2C journal articles and magazines. On-campus library access must be arranged by appointment. Maintenance on the software\'2C including the resources\'2C library and online lecture facilities is done annually in line with the \'E2\'80\'9Clatest software\'2C editions etc.\'E2\'80\'9D Additional textbooks\'2C editions and titles are purchased annually. The 2019 budget for this is R80 000. \line \line The student data and record keeping system is called Higher Education Student Online \'28HESTON\'29 to which students do not have access. Personal details of students kept by HESTON include their identification\'2Fpassport number\'2C results\'2C gender\'2C student number\'2C year of study\'2C current qualification\'2C previous qualification\'28s\'29 where applicable\'E2\'80\'99 employment status\'2C home language\'2C nationality and certificate number \'28once issued\'29. Student payments are dealt with by the finance department. With an increase in student numbers\'2C this function will be integrated into HESTON. Reports on Moodle are generated and updated every time that a student submits\'2Fcompletes an assessment. Reports regarding pass rates are reviewed by the Academic Board on a per semester basis\'2C while student performance and progression are reviewed on a weekly basis. The Programme Manager is primarily responsible for the management of the programme information system \'28HESTON\'29\'2C for Moodle \'28the Institution\'27s learning portal\'29\'2C as well as for student and staff needs and queries. Students and staff are able to send any queries to the Programme Manager via the portal or email.\line \line With regard to distance delivery\'2C the Institution should have outlined how the qualification will be offered in practice. It needs to be explained what the material looks like\'3B how the material is made available to students\'3B how assessments take place online\'3B how the students are in contact with the academic and support staff\'2C etc. In other words\'2C processes and procedures are mentioned\'2C but not explained. No mention is made to modern internet sources such as EMERALD\'2C SABINET and EBSCOhost databases. Where and when \'E2\'80\'9Cthe workshops for the development of students\'E2\'80\'9D are held\'2C is also not explained. The institution has not provided a detailed delivery model that provides detail on all distance learning activities\'2C tuition\'2C support and communication via the Moodle platform.\line \line The Directorate of te view that the programme design is not adequate to some extent\'2C and the institution is not ready to offer the programme distance delivery model point of view. There is also insufficient support and facilities for the programme.l \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Diploma in Supply Chain Management \'28360 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Not accredited\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-accreditation\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql How students obtain access to the online lecture facility\'2C how it functions and what is available on the virtual library\'2C is not explained and requires a more detailed explanation.\line \line It is also mentioned that computers and printers are available for staff members. How many and when these are available for use\'2C are not explained.\line \line A budget of R80 000 has been provided for library resources for 2019. A library plan has to be provided indicating the additional sources to be acquired.\line \line No mention is made of online databases such as EMERALD\'2C SABINET and EBSCOhost databases. \line \line \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 7\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql It is not indicated how students will have to select from the optional electives to make up the 360 credits.\line \line Not one of the Level 6 modules have been developed for the 3rd year. This may cause problems with articulation to an Advanced Diploma. The main modules should be placed as third year modules\'2C for example\'2C Supply Chain Management 3 and Purchasing Management 3. \line \line As Logistics is such a vital part of Supply Chain Management\'2C the module Logistics 2 be made a compulsory module and not an optional elective as shown currently. \line \line Another problem with the structure of the programme lies with the Work Integrated Learning \'28WIL\'29 modules. There are two WIL modules with a respective credit value of 30 and 60\'2C both on NQF level 6. In total\'2C the 90 WIL credits will require 900 notional hours to complete. It is not sufficiently explained how students who work in industry and\'2For those that do not work\'2C will complete the 900 notional hours. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql ogbooks or proposals\'C3\'83\'E2\'80\'9A\'C3\'82\'C2\'9D are mentioned as forming part of summative assessment\'2C but it is not explained what these are for and how these are assessed.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 6\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The institution has not explained how the material is made available to students\'3B how assessments are administered online\'3B and how the students are in contact with the academic and support staff. Processes and procedures are mentioned\'2C but not explained.\line \line Where and when the workshops for the development of students\'C3\'82\'C2\'9D are held\'2C is also not explained.\line \line The institution has not provided a detailed delivery model that provides detail on all distance learning activities\'2C tuition\'2C support and communication via the Moodle platform.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion C\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The specific modules that the named lecturers will teach\'2C are not indicated. A proper workload allocation model as to be provided.\line \line The programme coordinator is also a lecturer on the programme. She is in fact the only full-time lecturer on the programme\'2C while the other six lecturers are all part-time. It needs to be explained how these seven lecturers will be able to teach all 23 modules in the distance mode of delivery\'2C especially as six of them are appointed on a part-time basis. \line \line The full policies required for staffing have to be provided.\line \line The institution needs to provide a full list of support staff with qualifications\'2C experience\'2C and functions to be performed.\line \line The institution has not provided CVs for the staff members listed.\line \line As far as measures that are in place to ensure that administrative\'2Fsupport staff are sufficient for the programme\'2C it is merely stated that administrative\'2Fsupport staff will be recruited in line with the enrolment plan. \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 3 \'26 4\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The submission has been poorly completed\'2C not properly edited and almost all the sections require much more detail.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criteria 1 - 8\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql The teaching methods and the materials development for the achievement for this particular mode as not been expanded on sufficiently.\line \line The mechanisms in place to monitor student progress\'2C evaluate programme impact and effect improvement have been poorly explained.\line \line The institution does not have the dedicated resources to provide a counselling service to students\'2C but can only provide information regarding possible service providers who are able to cater for the specific type of support\'2Fcounselling the student requires. \line \line It is not clear where and how\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Criterion 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}