{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 8th October 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Application for programme accreditation\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql CHE Reference number\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FH07\'2FE223CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Public or private institution\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Public\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Institution name\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql University of Johannesburg\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Title of programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql NQF level\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Level 5\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum number of credits\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Number of credits for this programme\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 120\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Tuition mode\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Minimum duration of study \i \'28full-time \'2F part-time\'29\i0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full-time\'3A 1 \'2F Part-time\'3A 2\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Doornfontein Campus\line Cnr. Siemert and Beit Streets\line Doornfontein\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The University of Johannesburg \'28UJ\'29 is a public higher education Institution registered and has programmes accredited by the CHE.\line \line The Institution is currently applying for accreditation of the Higher Certificate in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science programme which will be offered in the distance mode of delivery at the Doornfontein Campus.\line \line UJ is currently accredited to offer the following programmes\'3A\line - Higher Certificate in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science\line - Bachelor of Health Sciences in Sport and Exercise Science.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluator indicated that the application needs improvement for all the Criteria and that the programme should be accredited with conditions. \line \line The purpose of the Higher Certificate in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science is to provide sport coaches with the competencies needed to ensure athletes are coached within a holistic framework of athlete development. The principles of coaching science are intended to develop the skills needed to identify common sports injuries\'2C provide the means to develop knowledge of human sport performance\'2C exercise physiology and personal development. These skills add to the holistic development of the athlete within the four domains for coaching \'28children\'2C participation for adolescents and adults\'2C emerging and talented athletes and high-performance athletes\'29.\line \line The programme meets the national requirements for Higher Certificates at NQF Level 5. The curriculum is based on 13 compulsory modules that contribute 120 credits to obtain the qualification. The curriculum has been designed to align with the training framework for coaches as identified by the South African Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee \'28SASCOC\'29. The evaluator indicated that the number of credits assigned to the \'E2\'80\'9CCoaching within the four domains\'E2\'80\'9D module in the MOAC document is 35 and should be changed to 20. The Directorate acknowledges this recommendation\'2C but notes that the programme meets the \'E2\'80\'98minimum\'E2\'80\'99 SASCOC requirements\'2C as the credits assigned to \'E2\'80\'98Coaching within the four domains\'E2\'80\'99 exceed the minimum credit limit. \line \line The evaluator questions the absence of face-to-face sessions\'2C especially for potentially high impact modules such as Physiology and Anatomy. This concern also applies to the \'E2\'80\'9Cpractical coaching sessions\'E2\'80\'9D. However\'2C the Directorate notes that the programme includes WIL\'2C specifically to provide for the practical coaching parts of the programme. The management of WIL is well organised\'2C documented and quality assured by academic staff members of the department. Therefore\'2C students will be mentored and their progress monitored during WIL sessions.\line \line The evaluator noted that the module descriptor provides limited detail on the various modules. Also\'2C some of the outcomes do not speak to the module title\'2C purpose or assessment criteria. Refer specifically to the module\'2C Basic Coaching Science. The outcome for this module relates to the World Anti-doping Agency and its testing protocols\'2C while the assessment criteria is focused on coaching. The module descriptors must be reviewed and updated to provide sufficient detail on the modules\'2C and evidence of learning and competencies at NQF Level 5.\line \line The evaluator appears to have misinterpreted the background information provided with the application\'3A \'E2\'80\'9CThe Institution is currently applying for the accreditation of a Higher Certificate in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science programme which will be offered in a contact mode of delivery at the Doornfontein Campus\'E2\'80\'9D. He\'2Fshe assumed that the statement is incorrect as the application is for a distance qualification. Note that the background information refers to an application for a HCert \'28Sport Coaching and Exercise Science\'29 contact programme that are already in process. The Directorate has since ensured that the background information reflects the correct mode of delivery to eliminate confusion.\line \line The admission criteria are subject to institutional policy and are commensurate with the programme\'E2\'80\'99s academic requirements. Recognition of Prior Learning \'28RPL\'29 will be taken into account and the procedures and assessment of RPL are guided by the institutional RPL Policy.  \line \line The evaluator indicated that the programme does not meet minimum requirements in terms of staffing \'28Criteria 3 \'26 4\'29 and questions the omission of supporting documentation for specifically criterion 3. The Directorate considered this and confirms that public institutions sign a declaration and are not required to provide information on staffing \'28Criteria 3 \'26 4\'29 or infrastructure and systems \'28Criterion 7 \'26 8\'29.\line \line The teaching and learning strategy is based on the University\'E2\'80\'99s teaching and learning policy. There is a strong focus on the integration of practice and theory. This is critical for the training of sport coaches.  Students\'27 theoretical knowledge must continuously be reinforced with\'2C and related to\'2C real-life sport coaching situations. Teaching methods will include online lectures\'2C practical demonstrations\'2C tutor classes and micro-lessons. Students will be supported via online tutor sessions. Students are further encouraged to use all available modern technologies to assist their learning. ULink will be used as communication platform and for materials distribution.  A variety of learning materials will be used\'3A articles\'2C textbooks\'2C class notes\'2C internet sources\'2C etc.\line \line The evaluator is concerned about the practical demonstrations\'2C as there are no contact sessions to provide for practical demonstrations. However\'2C students are placed in workplace settings to provide for WIL. These sessions are monitored by academics and students will work with experienced coaches in practice. \line \line The institution has dedicated institutional systems and mechanisms in place to monitor student progress\'2C evaluate the programme and improve or maintain the quality of the programme. Also\'2C the institution has the policy structure\'2C processes and capacity in terms of systems\'2C structures\'2C policies\'2C procedures and processes for materials design\'2C development and delivery of this programme. \line \line Assessment is subject to the institutional assessment policy. All summative assessments\'2C including final examinations\'2C are moderated internally while exams will be moderated externally.  Work-integrated learning is assessed by means of portfolios of evidence. Coaching logbooks are used to track students\'27 participation in practical coaching activities. The evaluator noted that the institution did not explain how the assessments will be conducted\'2C i.e. electronic assessments or face-to-face examinations. \line \line The evaluator indicated that the institution has existing protocols\'2C policies and processes to guide and support the provision of distance education. However\'2C he\'2Fshe feels that the institution should explain how they intend to introduce students to online learning and keep them informed. The Directorate notes that the institution explained the various means of student support\'2C specifically for distance learning\'2C i.e. \'27For this reason\'2C a multi-media distance education-appropriate teaching and learning strategy will be followed that will include online lectures\'2C appropriate learning and teaching materials\'2C formative and summative assessment\'2C practical administration sessions and work integrated learning. This is done using ulink\'2C Blackboard and other forms of IT to assist in this process. Learning materials include study guides\'2C textbooks\'2C journal articles\'2C internet sources\'2C research theses\'2C popular publications and specially prepared notes. Online tutoring will ensure that any difficulties are speedily addressed through interactions with students and practice sessions in \'E2\'80\'9Cat-risk modules.\'E2\'80\'9D High-risk students are given priority for remedial actions.\'E2\'80\'99\line \line The Directorate recommends that the programme is accredited with the following conditions.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate Recommendation\b0 \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the \i Higher Certificate in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science \'28120 credits\'2C Distance mode\'29\i0  be \line  \'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0\'C2\'A0 \b - Accredited \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql \b Criterion\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 1. The module descriptors provide limited details and module information. Also\'2C some of the outcomes do not speak to the module title\'2C purpose or assessment criteria. Refer specifically to the module\'2C Basic Coaching Science. The outcome for this module relates to the World Anti-doping Agency and its testing protocols\'2C while the assessment criteria is focused on coaching. The module descriptors must be reviewed and updated to provide sufficient detail on the modules\'2C and evidence of learning and competencies at NQF Level 5.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 1\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7938
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line 2. The institution did not explain how the assessments will be conducted\'2C i.e. electronic assessments or face-to-face examinations. This is a distance learning qualification and students will\'2C therefore\'2C not be on campus. The Institution should provide examples of how students will be assessed\'2C and specify whether assessments will be conducted electronically or at specific venues \'28face-to-face\'29. It should also be indicated how the standard of assessment will be maintained for the contact and distance students.\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql 6 \'26 C \'2810\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 

}