{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords site directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 31st May 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql New institution\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql New institution\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Application number\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql SV011\'2F20170523\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Public or private institution\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Name of institution\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Saint Ambrose Nursing School\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Title of programme\'2Fs\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing\line \i Currently offered at\'3A\i0 \line Verulam-Verulam\'2C KwaZulu Natal\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Tuition mode\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Verulam\'2C KwaZulu Natal\line 23 Groom Street\line Ayesha Razak Centre\line Verulam\line 4340\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Saint Ambrose Nursing School is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private provider and does not have programmes accredited by the Council on Higher Education. The Institution applied for the accreditation of the Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing \'28120-credits\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C Contact Mode\'2C H\'2FPR723\'2FE001CAN\'29 to be offered at its site of delivery at Verulam\'2C KwaZulu Natal 23 Groom Street Ayesha Razak Centre Verulam 4340.  \line \line The Institution\'3Fs application served at the Accreditation Committee \'28AC\'29 meeting of 17 and 18 May 2016 and the Higher Education Quality Committee \'28HEQC\'29 meeting of 7 July 2016. The HEQC approved the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee that the Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing \'28120-credits\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C Contact Mode\'2C H\'2FPR723\'2FE001CAN\'29 be not accredited and the following reasons for non-accreditation were given\'3A\line \line 1. The programme design as submitted by the Institution is inadequate for student learning. Only a list with the names of the constituent modules has been supplied. There is no detail on module outlines and credits assigned to modules. It is not evident how the curriculum\'2C learning outcomes and assessment criteria are met though the modules and their respective outcomes. In the absence of a detailed curriculum and staff workload allocation model information\'2C it is not clear that the delivery envisaged will adequately support the teaching of theory \'28Criterion 1\'29\line 2. The WIL hours and credits are unclear and variously allocated in the application. WIL should be planned and credits calculated to comply with Reg. 169 as well as indicate alignment to the specific outcomes for WIL. The teaching and learning of clinical practice is not described. The Institution has not indicated or provided evidence of the measures in place for clinical facilitation \'28Reg 173 Section 2 \'28d\'29\'29 quality control mechanisms and clinical accompaniment \'28Reg 169\'29 as necessary in the programme \'28Criteria 1 \'26 5\'29.\line 3. The brochure submitted does not comply with SANC Reg 169 \'28Criterion 2\'29\line 4. 4. The Institution has not adequately met the requirements for the provision of suitably qualified academic staff members to teach in the programme. Only one full-time staff member has a Nursing Education qualification. No evidence of assessor or moderator status with SANC has been provided\'2C as is required by Reg 169 Section 7\'281\'29 \'28a\'29.\line The Enrolment Plan is ambiguous and does not link to the envisaged staffing in terms of sufficiency and seniority \'28Criteria 2\'2C 3\'2C 4\'29\line 5. 5. The Institution has not demonstrated that it will take responsibility for assessments in the programme \'28Criterion 6\'29\line 6. 6. The Institution has not demonstrated that it has sufficient capacity in terms of infrastructure\'2C IT and library facilities to offer a higher education programme as proposed. The Institution has not provided an OHS certificate \'28Criteria 7 \'26 8\'29\line \line The Institution submitted a representation in respect of non-accreditation. The Institution\'3Fs representation served at the AC meeting of 22 and 23 February 2017 and the HEQC meeting of 30 March 2017. The HEQC approved the recommendation of the AC that the Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing \'28120-credits\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C Contact Mode\'2C H\'2FPR723\'2FE001CAN\'29 be accredited with the following prior to commencement condition\'3A\line \line 1. The CHE will conduct a site visit to verify that the Institution has the capacity and facilities to offer the Higher Certificate.\line \line The CHE conducted a site visit to the Institution on 23 May 2017. The Site Visit Panel aimed to examine the quality of the provision of the Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing \'28NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C Contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR723\'2FE001CAN\'29 programme offered at the site of delivery\'2C situated at 23 Groom Street Ayesha Razak Centre Verulam\'2C KwaZulu-Natal\'2C 4340. The Institution was therefore required to provide evidence to the Panel showing how it met Programme Accreditation Criteria 1-8.\line \line The summary of the site visit report follows in the next section.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The Institution\'3Fs name does not appear in the Register of Private Higher Education Institutions\'2C March 2017.  \line \line The Panel found that the programme outcomes provided are the same as that of the original submission.  Students are largely recruited from rural KZN. There has been no intake since 2016\'2C and the current Enrolment Plan is based on the figures of the previous intake. The Enrolment Plan provides for two intakes \'2852 and 53 respectively\'29 for 2018. The Panel is satisfied that the Institution has the capacity to offer the students a good learning experience taking the needs of the profession into account.  The Panel found that recruitment material submitted different from information provided during interviews\'2C and it is not clear and consistent with NSC requirements regarding pre-requisites and recommended modules.  \line \line Academic staff members including the Principal are suitably qualified as Nursing educators and experienced.  The Panel recommends that the academic staff members receive training to ensure that they are familiar with the programme\'27s teaching approach \'28problem-based learning\'29.   Staff members confirmed that internal training is taking place to upgrade their skills\'2C though the Panel recommends that academic staff members take co-responsibility for developing their own teaching skills.  \line \line The Institution has sufficient staff members with the required experience to offer the Higher Certificate.  This is supported by the organogram showing the current staffing levels.  Some contract staff members will be appointed pending the accreditation outcome.  There was no intake for a year and staff members were not contracted during that period.  More suitably\'2C staff members would need to be appointed should the Institution need to expand. \line \line There are currently three full-time and two part-time academic staff members\'3B 1 full--and 2 part-time preceptors and three full-time support staff members.  The ratio of full-time to part-time staff members is appropriate for the number of students.  \line \line The recruitment process and employment condition follows legislation \line An experienced librarian will run the library on apart-time basis\'2C supported by a support staff member when not on duty.  Current support staff are adequately qualified\'2C though there is a need to further upskill staff.  The panel recommends that the Institution plans for the provision of training and development opportunities for their staff members.\line \line The panel notes that the contact programme will be delivered on a fulltime basis\'2C using a problem based learning approach.  The current learning material is not in line with the required PBL and ECB delivery mode\'2C though the content is adequate to achieve the outcomes.  The panel is of opinion that the learning material is not congruent to the envisaged learning strategies.  \line \line All relevant policies for assessment and moderation are in place.  All policies displayed are dated May 2017\'2C indicating that it is all new.  The pool of intended moderators is small and should be expanded in future.   The Assessment Policy is not clear how the 10\'25 of student work selected for external moderation will be selected.  \line \line The current lease agreement expired in April 2017 and is in the process of renegotiation.  The lease agreement need to be explicit on internal as well as external maintenance requirements.  \line \line The two dedicated classrooms can seat approximately 50 students each.  Lecturers have access to a laptop with data projectors.  Academics share an open plan office and have access to computers and a printer.  The Institution is situated on the first floor of a building limiting access of people who can\'3Ft use the stairs.    CCTV monitoring of the premises is done.  \line \line Management indicated that the library holdings and database resources will be expanded as soon as accreditation is granted.  Students will also have access to a nearby community library.  Staff members have access to free WiFi.  Students can access internet from the computer laboratory \'2836 computers\'29 which also have a printing facility.    The current Clinical Skills Laboratory is adequate for the needs of the Higher Certificate programme\'2C but would need to be upgraded should higher programmes be introduced.\line \line The certificate have the required administrative services in place to serve the needs of the students.  The school does not have access to a server and all records are stored on the Principal\'3Fs computer.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate recommendation\b0 \line \par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9526

\intbl \itap2 \ql \b Site\'3A Verulam\'2C KwaZulu Natal\'2C 23 Groom StreetAyesha Razak CentreVerulam4340\b0 \line \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the above site be \line \line \b - Approved \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Criterion\b0 \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 1. The Institution needs to explain how academics are capacitated to deliver the programme using a Problem Based Learning approach \'28PBL\'29. \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 5\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
}\line and that the institution be permitted to offer the following programmes to this site of delivery\'3A\par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql Higher Certificate in Auxiliary Nursing\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
}\line \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap2 \nestrow \pard 
}\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}