{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords site directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 31st May 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql New or additional sites of delivery \'28with extension or relocation of programme offerings\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql New or additional sites of delivery \'28with extension or relocation of programme offerings\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Application number\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql PR400\'2FBerea\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Public or private institution\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Name of institution\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Centre for Fine Art Animation and Design \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Title of programme\'2Fs\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Multimedia\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Tuition mode\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 183 Cowey Road \line Berea \line Durban\line 4001\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line Background\line The Centre for Fine Art Animation and Design \'28CFAD\'29 is a Private Higher Education Institution that is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training \'28DHET\'29 and has a programme accredited by the Council on Higher Education \'28CHE\'29. \line \line CFAD\'3Fs applied for the relocation of the Diploma in Multimedia \'28HEQSF aligned title\'3A Diploma in Integrated Fine Art in Animation and Design\'29 to 183 Cowey Road\'2C Berea\'2C Durban in 2012. The HEQC of 1 August 2012 approved the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee that the relocated new site be approved with the long-term condition of a site visit. \line \line A site visit to the aforementioned site was conducted on 21 May 2013. The HEQC of 4 December 2013 approved the recommendation of the AC that CFAD at 183 Cowey Road\'2C Berea\'2C Durban did not fully comply with meeting the long term conditions for this site of delivery. Consequently\'2C a further site visit was to be conducted within six months of the date of the aforementioned HEQC.\line \line Subsequently\'2C a formal request was received from CFAD requesting an extension of the six month time period to conduct the site visit. The Accreditation Directorate confirmed this extension request indicating that the final date for a site visit was the end of April 2015.\line \line Consequently in 2015\'2C the CHE conducted a site visit to the site at 183 Cowey Road\'2C Berea\'2C Durban. The purpose of the site visit was to determine the capacity of the Institution to offer the aforementioned programme and verify that the infrastructure and facilities to offer higher education programmes are of an acceptable standard as articulated in the Criteria for Programme Accreditation \'28Criteria 1-8\'29.  \line \line More specifically the site visit had to verify if the Institution meets the following conditions\'3A\line 1. A fully functioning library must be established in a venue that is not shared. The library should be sufficiently stocked with resources to support the offering of the programme.\line 2. The space allocated to the \'3Fcomputer room\'3F should be sufficient to support student interaction and use of the facilities.\line 3. The \'3Fediting room\'3F must be functional and properly stocked with a sufficient number of computers.\line 4. The data projection systems used for teaching and learning purposes must be permanently installed in all teaching venues in the building. The teaching and learning process must prioritize this technology consistently throughout the daily scheduled teaching and learning period.\line 5. Teaching files must be updated regularly to build-up hard copy data on the respective modules in the programme. Files should be managed by individual lecturers but must also regularly be scrutinized by heads of departments or heads of schools.\line 6. Provide evidence that files are managed by individual lecturers and that these files are regularly scrutinized by heads of Departments or heads of Schools.\line \line The summary of the 2015 site visit report follows.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line Summary of Site Visit Report\line The site visit was not attended by the Chief Executive Officer which meant that the Academic Manager had to deal with the majority of the questions and matters. No presentation was made by management. CFAD operates two additional campuses in Cape Town and Pietermaritzburg which only offer short learning programmes. The Institution is considering offering higher education programmes at these two campuses. Applications for registration and accreditation have not been finalised.  The Institution complies with the requirements of the DHET and only offers the Diploma in Integrated Fine Art in Animation and Design as stated in the DHET certificate on its Durban campus. \line \line The campus in Durban has 180 students. There are six academics employed at this site\'2C two of which have diplomas\'2C three of which have degrees and one who has a master\'3Fs degree. All staff members have experience in the industry. The model used by the Institution is that senior staff members teach the theory modules with the more practical modules being taught by the staff members with diplomas. There is evidence of staff development\'2C staff participation and improvements to the teaching and language approach. \line \line The Panel was of the view that the Academic Manager is dedicated but lacks an understanding of the higher education environment. Examples cited are the need for such a person to be aware of the need for external moderation\'2Fexamination\'2Fmeasures for integrity and security of examinations processes. The Panel recommends that the Institution should be given time to improve the robustness of procedures relating to assessment and other quality assurance processes. \line \line The Institution is located in a house which is not entirely conducive to higher education offerings. There are 16 Apple Mac computers though Wi-Fi seems to be a problem. The equipment at the students\'3F disposal does not support the modules offered. For example the Fine Arts studio lacks the basic easel requirements. There are six Apple Mac computers available for the students with the animation package loaded which is insufficient for the size of the student body. It is recommended that CFAD ensure that the resources and equipment available to students are of the right kind and number to support the students enrolled for the programme. While the Panel was of the view that students were exposed to high class animation facilities it was not sufficient for the size of the student body and the requirements of the programme.  \line \line The Panel was not satisfied with the library facilities which had computers that had not been activated. The library consisted of 250 volumes which are actually the personal property of the CEO. The Institution does not have access to electronic libraries and the physical library offerings available are insufficient.  No further access to the internet is provided or other digital resources. \line \line There were serious security concerns raised regarding the lack of administrative capacity within the Institution. The administrative person deals with all matters related to administration thus the following serious issues were identified by the Panel\'3A a\'29 examination papers are emailed without the required password protection\'2C b\'29 issuing of certificates without the required checks and balances\'2C c\'29 insufficient security features on the certificate itself and d\'29 no evidence was provided of security for hard copy files used by the Institution. \line \line It is recommended that the Institution prioritise the security features required for administration and consider the employment of a person equivalent to a registrar to ensure that the robustness of administrative systems is in place. Though the matter of two possible sites of delivery are in the planning\'2C it is strongly recommended that these plans are held in abeyance until there are stringent quality control measures put in place at the main campus. \line \line The Panel was of the view that the Teaching and Learning Strategy is aligned to the programme and that there was evidence that the Institution had applied itself in thinking through how the curriculum could deliver on the outcomes.  Teaching files were made available to the Panel. The files are however under developed and lack module outlines\'2C clear and explicit objectives\'2C outcomes and assessment criteria. It does not contain any assessment tasks and no moderators\'3F reports.  The study guides are in need of language editing.  The files are symptomatic of the lack of understanding of higher education contexts and requirements thus emphasizing the need to appoint a well-qualified and experienced programme manager that understands the needs and requirements of higher education. \line \line Of the six conditions\'2C the site visit condition had to verify if the Institution had met the Panel indicated that only two of the six were met. Their findings were as follows\'3A\line 1. A fully functioning library must be established in a venue that is not shared. The library should be sufficiently stocked with resources to support the offering of the programme.\line a. Panel finding\'3A The Library is not compliant with the requirements of a higher education institution. See discussion above.\line 2. The space allocated to the \'3Fcomputer room\'3F should be sufficient to support student interaction and use of the facilities.\line a. Panel finding\'3A Although the quality of hardware and software is sufficient to prepare students adequately for industry\'2C the size of the facilities and the number of computers available cannot be regarded as sufficient and CFAD must ensure that their computer facilities are expanded to allow students maximum opportunity to access computers and software resources.\line 3. The \'3Fediting room\'3F must be functional and properly stocked with a sufficient number of computers.\line a. Panel finding\'3A Condition set has been met.\line 4. The data projection systems used for teaching and learning purposes must be permanently installed in all teaching venues in the building. The teaching and learning process must prioritize this technology consistently throughout the daily scheduled teaching and learning period.\line a. Panel finding\'3A Condition has been met in the sense that the teaching and learning approach is interactive and involves a range of technologies.\line 5. Teaching files must be updated regularly to build-up hard copy data on the respective modules in the programme. Files should be managed by individual lecturers but must also regularly be scrutinized by heads of departments or heads of schools.\line a. Panel finding\'3A Although teaching files were available they do not comply with the typical requirements of a teaching file and should be seriously revisited to bring them in line with generally accepted principles and guidelines.\line 6. Provide evidence that files are managed by individual lecturers and that these files are regularly scrutinized by heads of Departments or heads of Schools.\line a. Panel finding\'3A Evidence on display suggests that the teaching files are managed by lecturers\'2C but as indicated they do not meet the requirements for the management of these files.\line \line The Institution had six conditions that had to be met. While two of these have been met it is strongly recommended that the Institution invest further energy in developing robust administrative systems that ensure the matters pertaining to student records\'2C examination processes\'2C assessment practices\'2C certification processes\'2C and infrastructure and library resources are met. The Panel recommends that the Institution be given six months to address the concerns raised and that a site visit should follow. \line \line The Directorate notes the recommendation of the Panel\'2C but suggests that the site of delivery not be approved\'2C because the Institution has had multiple opportunities to address the issues raised and it has not adequately done so.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate recommendation\b0 \line \par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9526

\intbl \itap2 \ql \b Site\'3A Main Campus\'2C 183 Cowey Road Berea Durban4001\b0 \line \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the above site be \line \line \b - Not approved\b0 \line \par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-approval\b0 \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Criterion\b0 \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 1. The Institution has not demonstrated that its lecture venues and facilities are sufficient and adequate for the delivery of this HE programme. The lecture venues and facilities are limited especially in terms of teaching and learning spaces for the size of the student body and the nature of the programme.\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql 7\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 2. The Institution has not demonstrated that the resource centre\'2Flibrary is adequately resourced for the delivery of this programme specifically in terms of internet access\'2C access to appropriate online resources and library resources directly relevant to the programme.\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql 7\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 3. The Institution has not provided evidence that it has significantly and sufficiently improved on its internet access for students\'2C as well as on access to appropriate online and library resources relevant to the programme. The computer facilities including the specialised equipment required for the programme is insufficient for the size of the student body.\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql 7\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 4. The academic leadership of the Institution and of the programme is insufficiently qualified and experienced. The academic manager and programme coordinator only have a diploma and are insufficiently qualified to provide the academic leadership required of a higher education institution. \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql 3\'2C 4\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 5. The Institution\'3Fs systems and procedures pertaining to the administration of student records\'2C management of secure assessment processes\'2C certification processes and management of assessment does not meet the requirements for higher education institutions.\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql 8\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
}\line and that the institution be permitted to offer the following programmes to this site of delivery\'3A\par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql No program offerings permitted\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
}\line \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap2 \nestrow \pard 
}\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}