{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords site directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 31st May 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site visits for exisiting sites\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Site visits for exisiting sites\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Application number\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql PR148\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Public or private institution\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Name of institution\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql SANTS Private Higher Education Institution \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Title of programme\'2Fs\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Bachelor of Education \'28Foundation Phase\'29\line \i Currently offered at\'3A\i0 \line \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Tuition mode\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Pretoria Head Office\line SANTS\line Unit 401\line Lynnridge Mews\line 22 Hibiscus Street\line Lynwood Ridge\line 0040\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line On 31 January 2014\'2C the Department of Education in Kwazulu-Natal requested the HEQC to examine the quality of the BEd programmes offered by SANTS. The request was made based on numerous complaints received from SANTS BEd students. The HEQC decided to conduct a site visit to examine whether the accredited programmes of SANTS are of acceptable quality and meet the minimum criteria for programme accreditation and not to focus on the specifics of each complaint. The site visit conducted on 10 and 11 April 2014 used the accreditation criteria to examine the quality of the accredited programmes offered.  \line \line The key finding of the site visit was that the Institution is in breach of its accreditation status to offer programmes in the distance mode of delivery. It was verified that the student support centres visited are operating as fully-fledged satellite campuses. Further\'2C the quality of the programmes offered do not meet selected accreditation criteria and the associated minimum standards. In addition conditions at the student support centres do not meet those of a student support centre or a satellite campus.\line \line SANTS was established in 1997 and was registered with DoE as a private FET College \'28offering mainly ECD programmes from NQF Level 1 to Level 4\'29 before applying and being registered as a private higher education institution. SANTS first applied for the accreditation of the BEd programme in 2007 and the HEQC did not accredit the programme. In 2009 a second application was made for the accreditation of the programme and it was again not accredited mainly because of concerns regarding the programme design and mode of delivery. \line \line The Institution submitted BEd \'28Foundation Phase\'29 and BEd \'28Intermediate Phase\'29 in 2010 and they were provisionally accredited with 7 prior to commencement conditions\'2C one being a site visit.  The conditions were met and a site visit was conducted in 2011.\line \line The Accreditation Committee at its meeting of 5-6 October 2011 requested the following clarification\'3A\line \line The site visit has revealed that the mode of delivery does not appear to correspond with the distance mode\'2C which is the mode applied for. Tuition centres function as fully-fledged satellite campuses\'3F The institution needs to clarify its mode of delivery and ensure that its application meets the requirements of such.\line \line The panel\'3Fs opinion that the site that was visited met the requirements of a satellite campus and not a student support centre was strongly rejected by SANTS. In a letter dated 16 November 2011 the Institution stated that the programmes would be presented in a distance mode of delivery and added\'3A \line \line There is no intent from SANTS to deviate from what was stated in our application and we appeal to the HEQC not to misinterpret our intentions regarding the nature and purpose of our student support centres. Our mode of delivery is a distance education mode of delivery with support at student support centres.  \line \line Based on this reassurance\'2C the HEQC allowed SANTS to enrol students into its programmes. \line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line 2014 Site Visit\line \line The site visit panel met with the management of SANTS at the main site in Pretoria prior to undertaking the site visits to Ulundi and Empangeni\'2C which are two of the nine student support centres in Kwazulu-Natal. \line \line At the main campus in Pretoria at which no student support was offered\'2C the panel found that the infrastructure and staffing appear to be adequate. The presentation by the managing director confirmed that the programmes are offered in the distance mode using tutors at student support centres to mediate the learning. However\'2C from the resources and records examined\'2C there were various concerns about the delivery model\'2C level at which the BEd is offered and the quality of the programme. These concerns were confirmed by the site visits to the \'3Flearner support centres\'3F in Kwazulu-Natal. \line \line From documentation made available to the HEQC in 2014 the total number of enrolled students in 2013 in Kwazulu-Natal was 1107 and students received tuition at various \'3Fstudent supports centres\'3F across Kwazulu-Natal. \line \line During the site visits the Panel interviewed lecturing staff and students\'2C and did a tour of the facilities available at the student support centres and perused the documentation\'2C including the study material and assessment tasks that were made available.  The panel reported that students were eager to learn and preferred the contact model of delivery as they stated that they needed support. The lecturers were also found to be committed to their students. However\'2C both students and teachers reported high levels of frustration\'2C confusion and anxiety relating to the ongoing dispute between the Department of Education and SANTS. The panel found it best to present the report per criterion for evaluation.\line \line \line EVALUATION\line \line Criterion 1 \'26 5\'3A Programme design\'2C learning material and mode of delivery\line Overall\'2C the panel found that the programmes in terms of Criterion 1 do not comply with minimum standards. Although both programmes were aligned with the MRTEQ and the HEQSF\'2C the integrity of the programmes and the level at which modules were pitched were questionable\'2C and the credit allocation dubious. \line \line In terms of the mode of delivery\'2C students were provided with study guides that outlined the objectives and topics briefly\'2C as well as an exercise book. Tutors were provided with a tutor manual that outlined each lesson to be offered. The study guide is typical of the traditional printed media approach to distance education and does not incorporate current instructional design principles for distance education. The teaching and learning model is based on a Train the Trainer approach that is largely practical in nature with very little theory and not commensurate with distance education. \line \line The tutors teach in contact mode every day from 8\'3A00 to 13\'3A00 strictly following the lesson plans set out in the tutor guide. Attendance is compulsory as attendance lists are sent to the head office every week and students need to provide medical certificates or contact the tutor if absent. The whole delivery approach is evidence of a contact teaching mode of delivery and not a distance education mode.\line \line An analysis of the learning material reveals that the scope and depth of the learning content is superficial and incomplete. The learning guides analysed display almost an amateurish approach to the subject field. In dealing with Piaget\'2C for example\'2C many of the more salient points regarding his theory and the essentials needed for effective teaching and learning at the Foundation Phase level are simply negated \'28see LTT517\'3A 48\'29\'2C while Maria Montessori is covered in a couple of pages and does not provide students with a sufficient grasp of this approach to foundation phase teaching to understand or appreciate this approach to education. Vigotsky attracted a single page while this is the philosophy that underpins much of the current CAPS thinking.  \line \line The superficiality of the learning material is even more pronounced due to the total lack of library or additional educational resources available at support centres. There are no opportunities for research or a deeper level of engagement with the learning materials and this will result in an incomplete and superficial learning experience for the students.  In addition\'2C the learning guides provide very little in terms of the expected learning outcomes to be achieved or assessment criteria to be used.\line \line The tutorial guides\'2C which are the only resources available to tutors\'2C offer no conceptualisation of the module\'2C the outcomes to be achieved or the teaching and learning strategy to be used. It outlines the number of lessons to be offered per module. The learner guide is used as a basis for tutorial sessions and in each session about two pages of the learning guide is covered in a traditional face-to-face lecturing situation.  Without any additional resources being made available to tutors the whole teaching experience is inadequate. In addition\'2C the outcomes of lessons are vague and poorly articulated \'28e.g.  \'3FAt the end of the lesson the student must understand the experienced\'2C practising teacher with personal life experience \'28sic\'29\'3F\'29. Such vague and ambiguous outcomes will result in poor lesson planning and execution. In summary\'2C it would appear that the learning materials are not at the level appropriate for the degree programme. It is superficial and incomplete. Students completing these modules will not have sufficient basic knowledge and understanding to meet the requirements of the teaching profession. \line \line Work Integrated Learning \'28WIL\'29 was also found to be grossly deficient. Students need to find their own placements for WIL\'2C and one student who arrived in the afternoon after the sessions had finished\'2C explained that she had been travelling to a school to find a placement and that the school was very far from her home. She had missed the day\'3Fs lectures. Students also reported having to teach from the second day of their observation block in the first year. In appeared that WIL is poorly overseen\'2C monitored and managed and not compliant with what is expected in the MRTEQ.\line \line Criterion 6\'3A Assessment \line The level of assessment is not commensurate with the level of the programme. The panel noted a significant variance between students low entry test scores and high final examination marks. Many of the students had distinctions which the panel attributed to an inferior level of assessment. Examinations are at level 1 of Bloom\'3Fs taxonomy. Questions typically require recall of memorised facts and no critical or reflective thinking. \line \line Assessment exercises included in the tutorial guides are also flawed with language errors \'28e.g. \'3FName four commonly teaching methods that may be used when teaching\'3F\'3B \'3FWhat are the main accountability aspects of a parent\'3Fs home socio-educational participation\'3F\'3F\'29. The fact that such assessment tasks are part of a tutorial guide breaches the security and the integrity of assessments. A typical class test covers two pages of the learning guide and consists of four questions with a total of ten marks. The two class tests per module are subsequently based on a small portion of the work covered in a module. There are daily class tests and marks are recorded\'2C but there are no assignments except one on observation of teaching done in the first year.\line \line Based on the evidence presented during the site visit it is evident that the programmes in terms of Criterion 6 do not comply with minimum standards. \line \line \u8195  \line Criterion 3 and 4\'3A Staffing\line Although the academic staff members teaching at the learner support centres all hold a qualification higher than the programme being offered\'2C most of them do not have a qualification relevant to the programme being offered. None of the staff are specifically trained in Foundation Phase teaching and at best some hold a qualification in junior primary education at a certificate or diploma level. Most have secondary teachers\'3F diplomas that are not apposite for teaching foundation phase. Staff members at the \'3Flearner support centres\'3F thus do not meet the Staffing requirements and minimum standards in terms of Criteria 3 and 4.  \line \line Criterion 7\'3A Facilities\line In general\'2C the panel found that the \'3Flearner support centres\'3F are greatly lacking in their infrastructural arrangements to support the distance mode of delivery which is the model proposed by SANTS. The predominant model for most sites of delivery consists of part of a school reserved for use by SANTS. In the Ulundi case\'2C for example\'2C about four classrooms are fenced off from the rest of the school\'2C and students sit in groups as they would in a junior primary classroom. At this site there were two portable toilets for more than 100 students although permanent toilets were being built.\line \line The panel found no library at any of the support sites visited and not a single book for students to use as reference material. This results in a situation where there is no enrichment of the programme and no opportunities for student research.  The programmes have no prescribed books and no recommended reading either.\line \line There are no computers available at the sites yet the students do a course in computer literacy. This is done using pictures of computers and thereafter the lecturers and some students bring their laptops to class. An external provider also brings computers for a few days for students to get hands-on experience. This nullifies the purpose and intent of the introduction of computer literacy in a teacher education programme. \line \line General \line The panel found that the sites of delivery are not typical of a tuition centre as full-time contact teaching is offered at these centres. Irrespective of the claims made by SANTS\'2C these cannot be regarded as tuition centres and the term \'3Flearner support centres\'3F is grossly misleading as very little support is forthcoming in terms of essential aspects of the curriculum\'2C such as library resources and IT facilities. Overall\'2C the students are left with an unsatisfactory learning experience which should not be tolerated at higher education level.\line \line In addition\'2C the panel found the quality of the programme offering\'2C the mode of delivery and the infrastructure provided at the two sites visited inappropriate for a higher education institution\'2C a lack of quality in the programme design\'2C its assessment and the mode of delivery.  Students completing the programmes at SANTS will not be adequately prepared for a career in teaching.  \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate recommendation\b0 \line \par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9526

\intbl \itap2 \ql \b Site\'3A Pretoria Head Office\'2C SANTSUnit 401Lynnridge Mews22 Hibiscus StreetLynwood Ridge0040\b0 \line \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the above site be \line \line \b - Not approved\b0 \line \par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-approval\b0 \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Criterion\b0 \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 1. Both BEd programmes that were accredited by the HEQC to be offered in the distance mode of delivery are being offered in contact mode at the student support centres \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 1\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 2. The student support centres are currently operating as satellite campuses for provision of both BEd programmes in the contact mode of delivery \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 1\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 3. The quality of the BEd programmes is not commensurate with a first degree in education as the integrity of the programme is questionable\'2C and the level at which the modules are pitched and the credit allocation are inappropriate for a degree programme\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 1\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 4. The standard of the content in the learning guides is below the required for a BEd programme and in the distance mode of delivery.\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criteria 1\'2C 4\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 5. Although staff are technically qualified to teach on a degree programme\'2C their qualifications are not aligned with and relevant to the programmes being offered \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criteria 3 and 4\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 6. The assessment practices are not aligned with the level of a degree programme and there are serious concerns about the integrity and security of the assessment practices \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 6\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 7. The infrastructure\'2C physical facilities and resources at the student support centres that are serving as satellite campuses are grossly inadequate and of unacceptable low quality for provision of higher education \'28Criterion 7\'29\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 7\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql FOR NOTING\line \line The current tuition model\'2C the standard of the learning material and the conditions at the student support centres cannot be remedied within a reasonable period of time that will ensure that the quality of education received by any new intake of BEd students will not be severely compromised. It is for this reason that withdrawal of accreditation as opposed to placing the institution on notice of withdrawal is proposed.\line \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql \'C2\'A0\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql Recommendations\'3A\line 1. Accreditation of BEd \'28Foundation Phase\'29 and the BEd \'28Intermediate Phase\'29 be withdrawn\line 2. A teach-out plan be submitted to DHET for both Bed programmes\line 3. No new students be enrolled in these programmes henceforth.\line \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql \'C2\'A0\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
}\line and that the institution be permitted to offer the following programmes to this site of delivery\'3A\par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql No program offerings permitted\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
}\line \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap2 \nestrow \pard 
}\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}