{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords site directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 6th June 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql New institution\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql New institution\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Application number\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql SV035\'2F20171019\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Public or private institution\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Name of institution\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql AEL \'28Academy for Environmental Leadership\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Title of programme\'2Fs\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate in Conservation Ecology\line \i Currently offered at\'3A\i0 \line Uizip\'2C Upington-Main Campus\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Tuition mode\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line Uizip Campus\'2C\line N14 National Road\line UPINGTON\line 8800\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line The Academy for Environmental Leadership \'28AEL\'29 is not yet registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a private provider. The institution applied for the accreditation of the Higher Certificate in Conservation Ecology \'28120 credits\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR787\'2FE002CAN\'29 to be offered at its main campus at Uizip Campus\'2C N14 National Road\'2C Upington\'2C 8800.  \line \line The Institution\'3Fs application served at the Accreditation Committee meeting of 27 and 28 July 2016 and the Higher Education Quality Committee \'28HEQC\'29 meeting of 8 September 2016. The HEQC approved the recommendation of the Accreditation Committee that the Higher Certificate in Conservation Ecology \'28120 credits\'2C NQF Level 5\'2C Contact mode\'29 be accredited with the following long term condition\'3A\line \line 1. The CHE will undertake a site visit to verify that the Institution has the capacity to offer a higher education programme that complies with the required minimum standards to ensure quality programme offerings\line \line The CHE conducted a site visit to the institution on 2 November 2017. The Site Visit Panel aimed to verify whether the Institution has the capacity to offer a higher education programme that complies with the required minimum standards to ensure quality programme offerings. The Institution was therefore required to provide evidence to the Site Visit Panel\'2C of how the Criteria for Programme Accreditation \'28Criteria 1 \'3F 8\'29 had been met.\line \line The summary of the site visit report follows in the next section.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The evaluators were impressed with the Institution\'27s preparation in spite of it being a new provider in higher education.\line \line The panel has indicated that all programmes do appear on the DHET register.  In the absence of proper governance structures the panel recommended that\'2C the Institution makes provision for the establishment of a council inclusive of representatives from the stakeholder community and for the establishment of an academic board to ensure a more democratic and inclusive decision-making structure within the Institution. \line With regard to programme design the programme on offer is well-designed and complies with the minimum standards. With regard to articulation\'2C the panel recommended that the Institution revisit the articulation possibilities as the programme currently does not effectively articulate with other higher education programmes. This could be corrected through the introduction of a few elective modules.\line \line With regard to recruitment documentation\'2C admission and selection requirements and capacity to offer\'2C the panel has not identified any issues. However\'2C it recommends that the Institution inform students that wish to pursue studies in Conservation and Ecological Studies that they will need to do additional elective modules in at least Mathematics as part of the HC programme. \line \line In their assessment of the academic staff members teaching on the programme as well as opportunities for staff to enhance their competencies\'2C the panel found that the external\'2Fpart-time staff members are well-qualified with extensive experience. The permanent staff member\'2C however\'2C does not have as much experience in higher education teaching but is eager to learn and to improve. It is suggested that the younger staff members gain more experience by attending short courses in lecturing and assessment skills on an ongoing basis. With regard to academic and support staff members\'2C the ratio of full-time to part-time staff members\'2C compliance with the relevant legislation and the qualifications of staff\'2C the panel found that the Institution complies with the requirements.\line \line The Teaching and Learning Strategy \'28its implementation\'2C monitoring\'2C evaluation of student progress and review\'29 has been assessed by the panel. The panel found the strategy to be adequate. However\'2C they recommended that the Institution should develop a study guide to accompany each module to assist students in mediating the knowledge demands of the programme. The Institution should also revisit the allocation of time to the various learning activities and bring it more in line with accepted practice and guard against the over assessment of students. \line \line With regard to assessment practices in general. The panel confirmed proper assessment procedures and standards on all modules. The processing of results are above board. Overall the panel were of the opinion that assessment procedurally complies with the required standards. The moderation of assessment was addressed\'2C but from the point of view of the Directorate the panel did not make mention of external moderation as the internal moderator is a staff member. The panel warned against the over-assessment of knowledge competencies and wants the Institution to ensure that all the outcomes are assessed through a variety of assessment types.\line \line In terms of suitable venues\'2C infrastructure and resources\'2C the Library Policy and training of library staff\'2C the panel recommended that the Institution must increase the hard copy holdings of the library to ensure that students are exposed to a greater variety of resources on conservation and the ecology to support their research. The Directorate is of the view that the Institution can also provide greater access to electronic\'2Fdigital resources in the form of e-libraries as an alternative if it is not prepared to buy hard copies. The panel also recommended that the Institution must establish a dedicated IT facility where students can work on their assignments and improve their IT skills\'2C and be introduced to software relevant to their field of study.\line \line With regard to programme administrative services\'2C the panel agreed that the administrative systems comply with required standards. The panel however recommended that the Institution should invest in an effective Learner Management System as student numbers increase.\line \line In conclusion the panel were of the view that the site visit was well-organised and the materials of quality that enabled the panel to effectively carry out their task. The Institution\'2C being new within the field of Higher Education\'2C was well-prepared\'2C but not always sure of exactly what type of information the panel would be interested in. This did not deter the panel as information was readily available on request. \line \line The recommendation is that the Institution be allowed to offer the programme at the site as it has the capacity and infrastructure to effectively offer the HC in Conservation Ecology. There are conditions attached.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate recommendation\b0 \line \par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9526

\intbl \itap2 \ql \b Site\'3A Main Campus\'2C Uizip Campus\'2CN14 National RoadUPINGTON8800\b0 \line \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the above site be \line \line \b - Approved \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Criterion\b0 \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 1. The Institution should revisit the design of the programme in order to ensure that it will better facilitate horizontal and vertical articulation to other higher education programmes. This could be achieved through the introduction of a few elective modules.\line \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 1\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 2. The Institution should inform students that wish to pursue studies in Conservation and Ecological Studies after completing the HC that they will need to do additional elective modules in at least Mathematics as part of the HC programme.\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 2\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 3. Evidence should be provided that the younger academic staff members have access to professional development in order to gain more experience by attending short courses in lecturing and assessment skills on an ongoing basis. \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criteria 3 \'26 4\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 4. The Institution should develop a study guide to accompany each module to assist students in mediating the knowledge demands of the programme.\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 5\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 5 The Institution should revisit the assessment model for this programme. It should guard against the over-assessment of students on each module whilst retaining a variety of types of assessment. The institution should provide evidence of external moderation on the programme.\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 6\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 6. The Institution must increase the hard copy holdings of the library to ensure that students are exposed to a greater variety of resources on conservation and the ecology to support their research. As an alternative\'2C the institution can also acquire access to relevant ebooks and\'2For other digital resources available online. The Institution must create a dedicated IT facility where students could work on their assignments and better their IT skills\'2C and be introduced to software relevant to their field of study.\line \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 7\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Long-term\b0 \line 7. The Institution should investigate the possibility of developing an effective electronic learner management system as student numbers increase.\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 8\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line It is recommended that the Institution establishes a council or similar body with representation from the stakeholder community of the institution. It also has to establish an Academic Board to ensure a more democratic and inclusive decision-making structure within the Institution.\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql \'C2\'A0\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
}\line and that the institution be permitted to offer the following programmes to this site of delivery\'3A\par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql Higher Certificate in Conservation Ecology\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
}\line \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap2 \nestrow \pard 
}\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}