{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords site directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 1st October 2014\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql New institution\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql New institution\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Application number\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR646\'2FE001\'2FE002\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Public or private institution\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Name of institution\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Optimum Learning Technologies \'28Pty\'29 Ltd\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Title of programme\'2Fs\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Supply Chain Technologies\line \i Currently offered at\'3A\i0 \line Cape Town-Optimum Main Campus\line \line Advanced Diploma in Supply Chain Management\line \i Currently offered at\'3A\i0 \line Cape Town-Optimum Main Campus\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Tuition mode\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Optimum Main Campus\line Block D\'2C First Floor\'2C\line Belvedere Office Park\'2C\line Bela Rosa Street\'2C\line Rosenpark\'2C\line Cape Town\'2C\line 7468\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line Optimum Learning Technologies is a new higher education institution not yet registered with the DHET.\line \line The Institution applied for the accreditation of two programmes\'3A\line Diploma in Supply Chain Technology\line Advanced Diploma in Supply Chain Management\line Both programmes were accredited with a long term condition that a site visit be conducted to ascertain that the minimum requirements for quality offering of higher education programmes are adhered to. \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The site visit brief of the panel\'2C over and above the normal requirements of assessing the capacity of the institution to offer higher education programmes\'2C was to focus on the following\'3A \line \'3F Clarification regarding the allocation of credits to modules as it is not clear how the weighting of units \'28within modules\'29 was determined \'28Criterion 1\'29\'3B\line \'3F The enrolment planning and the capacity to serve the students to be enrolled \'28Criterion 2\'29\'3B\line \'3F The staff qualifications in relation to relevance to the programme needs to be explained \'28Criterion 3 and 4\'29\'3B\line \'3F Clarification of the assessment of modules and the use of final written examinations for the theory modules \'28Criterion 6\'29\'3B\line \'3F Clarification of external moderation \'28with specific reference to external examiners\'29 for all exit modules \'28Criterion 6\'29\line \'3F The physical infrastructure available for the programmes offered with reference to access to computers and IT facilities as well as properly equipped on-site library to support the programmes \'28Criterion 7\'29.\line \line According to the report of the panel the development of the programme and the credits of units followed an intense scoping process and a lead developer was appointed to oversee the process.  The panel found that the 3 options \'28electives\'29 available to students in their final year\'2C need to be reviewed as there seems to be no formal basis on which the credit values were determined\'2C there seems to be little difference between the Work- Integrated Learnership of 40 credits and the 80 credits option.  There is no formal pre-assessment done to determine which one of the three options would be most suitable for a student.  The panel felt that the position of the Work-Integrated Learnership in the curriculum needs to be reviewed. The panel further noted that the academic year cycle\'2C may pose a number of challenges as it deviates from the traditional academic year that runs from January to December. The panel is specifically concerned about student\'27s leave cycles which traditionally would be over the December\'2FJanuary period as well as financial year end periods of the corporates which may interfere with the study programme as the institution\'27s primary clients and target market for the above-mentioned programmes are indeed corporate clients.\line \line The panel noted that although the vision of the institution is to offer programmes over a broad spectrum \'28from NQF Level 2 to MBA Level\'29\'2C the Institution has a limited capacity in terms of human resources\'2C physical infrastructure and access to computer and library facilities and may over stretch its capacity. \line \line In terms of enrolment planning\'2C the panel reported a planned intake of 15 students in 2015 \'28Advanced Diploma\'29 and 20 students in 2016 \'28Diploma\'29.  The enrolment plan appears to be realistic\'2C given the infrastructure and the availability of library and computer facilities.  The panel strongly advises the monitoring of the accumulative number of students for future intakes taking into consideration attrition and retention rates. \line \line The panel noted that not all academic staff members are suitably qualified to teach on the 3-year diploma programme\'2C as many of the staff members do not have a qualification one level higher than the programmes offered on this campus.  Many of the staff members have corporate training experience and do not have the necessary teaching experience at a Higher Education Institution. Since the focus areas of the programmes are\'3A  Procurement\'2C Management and Logistics\'2C lecturing staff should have academic qualifications\'2Facademic specialisation in these fields\'2C this is however not the case for the majority of the academic staff. In addition\'2C there is very limited research output from this group of academic staff members. The panel also noted that the institution currently employs very few full-time staff and the majority of the staff members are appointed on a part-time \'28contract\'29 basis.  The panel recommends that key areas such as core lecturing staff\'2C administrative and support staff should be filled on a full-time basis. The panel noted that the programmes\'27 Academic Assistant is also going to fulfil the role of Librarian.  This is currently not a major concern as the Institution is relatively small.  However\'2C it is recommended that her role and workload be reviewed when the HE programmes and student numbers expand.\line \line The panel reported that final examinations seems to be entirely at the discretion of the course developer\'2Flecturer and the panel found a combination between open- and closed book examinations in the various modules. There seems to be no standardisation of final examinations and this practice must be reviewed.  The administrative and quality assurance processes related to marks capturing are all planned processes and procedures and appear to be in order at this stage.  Not much information about external moderation was provided except for the names of 2 people who appear to be the external moderators.  The panel is concerned about these moderators\'2Fexternals qualifications and its relevance to the modules under moderation. \line \line The proposed system of storing examination papers \'28prior to the exam\'29 is a concern. Documents of this strategic nature will be stored in the Registrar\'27s office in a filing cabinet.  There is a concern about access to the office\'2C the cabinet itself is not secure and it is not clear how the Registrar\'27s office will receive\'2C copy and distribute the papers. This is a potential security risk. The panel raised concerns over the issue of students failing modules and the process in terms of repeating these modules should be reviewed.  The current practice is that if a student fails a module\'2C he\'2Fshe has the option to repeat the module in the following year by either attending lectures again and write the final exam\'2C or\'2C not attending any lectures and just write the final examination.  The panel recommends that variables such as class attendance\'2C class performance\'2C year marks and exam marks should be taken into consideration to determine if class attendance in the following year should be compulsory or optional.\line \line Although the panel found the library hours to be sufficient for now\'2C it expressed its concern regarding the accessibility of the library for students who are in full-time employment. Moreover\'2C the number of copies of prescribed as well as recommended material is insufficient for the number of students. The entire library is housed in a small room with hardly any study area or reading area\'2C except for 2 or 3 desks.  Access to some electronic data bases appears to be in process. In terms of computers \'3F there are not desktops available for student use\'2C as students should have access to their own computers\'2Fnotebooks.  There are\'2C however\'2C laptops available on campus should any student need it whilst on campus. There is a glaring lack of policy regarding handicapped staff and students\'3B the premises are inaccessible in any reasonable way for the handicapped \'28no lifts\'2C no wheelchair ramps\'2C etc.\'29. \line \line The panel noted that academic staff members do not have their own office space and this may become a problem as the staff component expands.\line Although the panel recommended that one programme \'28the Advance Certificate\'29 should be accredited\'2C there appears to be too many areas of concern. The Directorate recommends that the programme should not be accredited.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate recommendation\b0 \line \par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9526

\intbl \itap2 \ql \b Site\'3A Optimum Main Campus\'2C Block D\'2C First Floor\'2CBelvedere Office Park\'2CBela Rosa Street\'2CRosenpark\'2CCape Town\'2C7468\b0 \line \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the above site be \line \line \b - Not approved\b0 \line \par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-approval\b0 \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Criterion\b0 \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 1. There is no equivalence between the three electives of the third year resulting in the same qualification being awarded to essentially different programmes.\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 1\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 2. The staff members do not meet the requirements in terms of qualifications and experience \'28particularly teaching at higher education level\'29 to offer the programmes.\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criteria 3 \'26 4\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 3. There is limited differentiation between the current skills training programmes and the Higher Education programmes proposed with specific reference to QA processes and administrative services.\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criteria 1 - 6\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 4. The current governing structures and decision-making structures are not adequate in terms of higher education requirements.\line \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 1\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 5. The assessment policy and practice do not comply with higher education standards and pose security and integrity of examination risks. \line \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 6\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 6. The library resourcing is insufficient to support the offering of the programmes. \line \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 7\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
}\line and that the institution be permitted to offer the following programmes to this site of delivery\'3A\par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql No program offerings permitted\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
}\line \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap2 \nestrow \pard 
}\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}