{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords site directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 10th March 2020\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql New or additional sites of delivery \'28with extension or relocation of programme offerings\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql New or additional sites of delivery \'28with extension or relocation of programme offerings\'29\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Application number\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR288_EXT_Durban Campus Morningside \'2FNOV 2019\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Public or private institution\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Name of institution\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql SA College of Applied Psychology\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Title of programme\'2Fs\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Masters of Social Science \'28Community Mental Health Promotion\'29 \line \i Currently offered at\'3A\i0 \line Claremont-Main Campus\line Johannesburg-Johannesburg Campus\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Tuition mode\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 1st Floor \line Sunclare Building\line 21 Dreyer Street\line Claremont\line 7708\line Cape Town\line South Africa\line \line Johannesburg Campus\line 1st Floor\'2C 1 Sixty Jan Smuts\'2C\line 160 Jan Smuts Avenue\'2C\line Rosebank\'2C\line Johannesburg\'2C\line 2196\line \line Pretoria Campus\line First Floor \line North Block \line Brookfield Office Park\line 261 Middel Street\line Neuw Muckleneuk\line Pretoria\line 0181\line \line \line Durban Campus\line 5th floor \line 199\'2F203 Peter Mokaba Road\line Morningside\line Durban \line 4001 \line \line \line Johannesburg Campus\line 22 Westbrooke Drive\line Strathavon\line Sandton\line Johannesburg\line 2031\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line Introduction\line The South African College of Applied Psychology \'28Pty\'29 Ltd \'28SACAP\'29 is registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training \'28DHET\'29 as a Private Higher Education Institution and has programmes accredited by the Council on Higher Education \'28CHE\'29. \line \line The Institution currently offers its programmes at the following registered sites of delivery \'28DHET Register of PHEIs\'2C 28 October 2019\'29\'3A\line \line A\'29 Cape Town\'3A 1St Floor\'2CSunclare Building\'2C 21 Dreyer Street\'2C Claremont\'2C 7708.\line B\'29 Johannesburg\'3A 1st Floor\'2C 1 Sixty Jan Smuts\'2C 160 Jan Smuts Avenue\'2C Rosebank\'2C 2196.\line C\'29 Pretoria\'3A North Block First Floor\'2C Brookefields Office Park\'2C 261 Middle Street\'2C Neuw Muckleneuk\'2C\line Pretoria\'2C 0181.\line D\'29 Durban\'3A 5th Floor\'2C 199-203 Peter Mokaba Road\'2C Morningside\'2C Durban\'2C 4001.\line \line The following programmes are registered for offering at the following sites of delivery \'28DHET Register of Private Higher Education Institutions\'2C 28 October 2019\'29\'3A\line 1. Higher Certificate in Counselling and Communication Skills \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C\line NQF Level 5\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode and Distance Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C B\'2C C\'2C D\'5D\line 2. Advanced Certificate in Counselling and Communications Skills \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C\line NQF Level 6\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C B\'2C D\'5D\line 3. Postgraduate Diploma in Coaching \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 8\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C B\'5D\line 4. Bachelor of Psychology \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 8\'2C 480-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29\line \'5BA\'2C B\'2C D\'5D\line 5. Bachelor of Applied Social Science \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 7\'2C 360-Credits\'3A Contact Mode and Distance Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C B\'2C C\'2C D\'5D\line 6. Bachelor of Social Science Honours \'28Psychology\'29 \'28HEQSF Aligned NQF Level 8\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C B\'2C C\'2C D\'5D\line 7. Master of Social Science in Community Health Promotion \'28HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 9\'2C\line 180-Credits\'3A Contact Mode\'29 \'5BA\'2C B\'5D\line 8. Bachelor of Theology \'28Honours\'29 HEQSF Aligned\'2C NQF Level 8\'2C 120-Credits\'3A Contact\line Mode\'29\line \line Previous relocations\'2F extension of programmes\line \line 1.The Institution previously applied for relocation to a new site of delivery in Johannesburg. The motivation behind this was stated as continued growth in student enrolment figures and plans for expansion. The Institution has assured the CHE \'28via email\'2C dated 20 May 2019\'29 of the following\'3A\line \line \'3F The current site on the First Floor of \'3F\'3F1 Sixty Jan Smuts\'2C 160 Jan Smuts Avenue\'2C Rosebank\'2C Johannesburg will be closed down if relocation is approved\'3F\'3B\line \'3F \'3FThe new SACAP Johannesburg campus site\'3Fwill be the only campus to operate in Johannesburg\'3F.\line \line \'3F Programmes included in the application for extension\'3A\line \line 1. Higher Certificate in Counselling and Communication Skills \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR078\'2FE003CAN\'29\line 2. Advanced Certificate in Counselling and Communications Skills \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 134 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR078\'2FE005CAN\'29 \line 3. Diploma in Counselling and Communication \'28not HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 240 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR078\'2FK001CAN\'29\line 4. Postgraduate Diploma in Coaching \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 8\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR288\'2FE003CAN\'29 \'28The title is registered correctly with the DHET and SAQA. Former title\'3A Postgraduate Diploma in Applied Psychology in Coaching\'29\line 5. Bachelor of Psychology \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 8\'2C 480 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR078\'2FE002CAN\'29\line 6. Bachelor of Applied Social Science \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 360 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR288\'2FE002CAN\'29 \line 7. Bachelor of Social Science Honours in Psychology \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 8\'2C 128 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR288\'2FE007CAN\'29\line 8. Master of Social Science \'28Community Mental Health Promotion\'29 \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 9\'2C 184 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR288\'2FE011CAN\'29\line \line The CHE recommended that the site of delivery at 22 Westbrooke Drive\'2C Strathavon\'2C Sandton\'2C Johannesburg\'2C 2031\'2C be approved \'28with conditions\'29 for the programmes below provided that all general conditions related to the recent Pretoria \'28Muckleneuk\'29 site visit and to programmes indicated in this application have been successfully addressed\'3A \'28CHE letter 28 June 2019\'29.\line \line RECOMMENDED CONDITIONS Criterion\line Short-term\line 1. The Institution should confirm the number of credits per programme where discrepancy has been noted.\line  1\line Short-term\line 2. The Institution should provide evidence that all general and\'2For programme-specific conditions linked to the site visit in Pretoria have been addressed.\line  1 - 8\line NOTE TO THE INSTITUTION\'3A\line 1. The Institution should note that no new students may be enrolled on the non-HEQSF aligned Diploma in Counselling and Communication after July 2019. This programme will only be relocated for teach-out purposes.\line 2. The Graduate Diploma in Counselling \'28Non-HEQSF aligned\'29 has not been included in this application and cannot be extended to the new site. No new enrolment may be done on this programme after July 2019.\line 3. Programme titles should be used as accredited and HEQSF-aligned.\line \line \line 2.APPLICATION FOR AN EXTENSION OF PROGRAMMES TO A NEW SITE OF\line DELIVERY\line - CHE letter\'2C 24 August 2018\line - New site\'3A 5th floor\'2C 199\'2F203 Peter Mokaba Road\'2C Morningside\'2C Durban\'2C 4001\line - Programmes included in the application for extension\'3A\line \'3F Higher Certificate in Counselling and Communication Skills - Contact \'5BH\'2FPR078\'2FE003CAN\'5D and Distance \'5BH\'2FPR288\'2FE008CAN\'5D\line \'3F Advanced Certificate in Counselling and Communication Skills \'28H\'2FPR078\'2FE005CAN\'29\line \'3F Bachelor of Psychology \'28H\'2FPR078\'2FE002CAN\'29\line \'3F Bachelor of Applied Social Science - Contact \'5BH\'2FPR288\'2FE002CAN\'5D and Distance \'5BH\'2FPR288\'2FE004CAN\'5D\line \'3F Bachelor of Social Sciences Honours in Psychology \'28H\'2FPR288\'2FE007CAN\'29\line \'3F Postgraduate Diploma in Coaching - Contact \'5BH\'2FPR288\'2FE003CAN\'5D and Distance \'5BH\'2FPR288\'2FE005CAN\'5D.\line - Outcome\'3A The extension of programmes to the new site was approved with the short-term condition of a site visit.\line \line Site visits\line \line SITE VISIT LINKED TO AN APPLICATION FOR AN EXTENSION OF PROGRAMMES TO A NEW SITE OF DELIVERY\line - CHE letter\'2C 15 October 2018\line - A site visit was conducted at the new site of delivery situated at North Block First Floor\'2C Brookfield Office Park\'2C 261 Middel Street\'2C Nieuw Muckleneuk\'2C Pretoria.\line - The site visit was linked to the extension of the following programmes to the new site\'3A\line \'3F Higher Certificate in Counselling and Communications Skills \'28H\'2FPR078\'2FE003CAN\'29\line \'3F Bachelor of Applied Social Science \'28H\'2FPR288\'2FE002CAN\'29\line \'3F Bachelor of Social Science Honours in Psychology \'28H\'2FPR288\'2FE007CAN\'29.\line - Outcome\'3A The condition of a site visit was met with short-term conditions applicable to all three programmes at all their registered sites of delivery\'2C i.e.\'3A\line i. The Institution should submit evidence that the purpose and focus of the Higher Certificate in Counselling and Communications Skills \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR078\'2FE003CAN\'29 is clearly differentiated from the first year of the three-year Bachelor of Applied Social Science \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 360 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR288\'2FE002CAN\'29 must be submitted. The two programmes are required in terms of the HEQSF to have distinct purposes and outcomes\'2C reflected in the curriculum of each. The Higher Certificate in Counselling and Communications Skills \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR078\'2FE003CAN\'29 must be a self-standing\'2C coherent\'2C and academically credible qualification.\line ii. The Institution is immediately to amend the way in which it admits students from the Higher Certificate in Counselling and Communications Skills \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR078\'2FE003CAN\'29 onto the Bachelor of Applied Social Science \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 360 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR288\'2FE002CAN\'29 so that the policies and practices comply with the rules for Credit Accumulation Transfers \'28CAT\'29 set out in the Higher Education Qualifications Sub-Framework \'282013\'29 and the Policies on the Recognition of Prior Learning\'2C Credit Accumulation and Transfer\'2C and Assessment in higher education \'282016\'29. The current practice of admitting Higher Certificate in Counselling and Communications Skills \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C 120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR078\'2FE003CAN\'29 graduates into the second year of the Bachelor of Applied Social Science \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 7\'2C 360 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR288\'2FE002CAN\'29 is not permitted.\line iii. The number and format of assessments must be standardised across the various modules and across the various years of study. The Institution is to differentiate formative from summative assessments.\line iv. The Institution must confirm that it is not franchising or outsourcing any of its teaching and learning and assessment activities on its different sites of delivery.\line \line           Note\'3A Two site-specific short-term conditions were also set.\line \line Issues to be addressed\line 1. It should be determined whether the aforementioned programme conditions have been met.\line 2. The correct number of credits should be verified where discrepancies have been noted.\line 3. Programme title should be used as accredited and registered.\line \line \line Application for relocation\line \line The Institution has applied for extension of a programme to their Durban site of delivery. The motivation behind this is to grow SACAP\'3Fs national footprint in South Africa. \line The Institution has included the following programme in its application for extension\'3A\line \line Master of Social Science \'28Community Mental Health Promotion\'29 \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 9\'2C 184 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR288\'2FE011CAN\'29\line \line This programme is offered at the Cape Town and Johannesburg sites of delivery.\line The Institution stated 190 credits in its application.\line \line \line Conclusion\line As stated\'2C Institution currently applied for extension of a programme to their Durban site of delivery.\line \line The Institution submitted documents in support of its application. \line \line The summary of the evaluation and recommendation follow.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line The institution seeks to offer the full spectrum of its CHE-accredited and HEQSF-aligned programmes in order to grow its national footprint in South Africa. The institution is gaining significant institutional influence in Durban since opening its new campus in 2019 and it is of the view that there is the good market potential for it to extend its programme offerings in this urban area of Natal. The institution has not provided a DHET certificate indicating that the programme is fully registered. The institution has confirmed that the Durban site of delivery is wholly controlled and administered by the South African College of Applied Psychology \'28Pty\'29 Ltd. However\'2C no lease agreement has been provided.\line \line The institution has indicated that all marketing and advertising material is appropriately authorized and complies with all relevant DHET and SAQA regulations. It is targeting mental health practitioners to advance their skills. The institution will use web marketing\'2C roadshows\'2C radio\'2C social media\'2C exhibitions and magazines amongst others to market. All applicants for the programme are required to undergo a screening and selection process. Acceptance into this programme is limited to a maximum of 20 students per campus per academic year. The admission requirements are in line with the HEQSF.\line \line With regard to staffing\'2C each of the programmes offered on the Durban campus has access to Head Office Academic Staff. The Institutional Head Office based in Cape Town provides additional support to the localised academic services provided by the Durban campus. An academic dean and academic head will provide academic management support.  There are also programme developers and an academic manager.  At the Durban campus\'2C there is a head of teaching and learning. This person will be responsible for academic coordination at the campus. With regard to the workload\'2C the institution has indicated that it works on a formula whereby they determine the reasonable workload for academic teaching staff. It is estimated that the workload of an educator who teaches one 12-week module equates to 8.5 notional hours per week\'3Fs session \'28inclusive of both preparation and teaching time\'29. Based on this formula\'2C it does not allow an educator to teach more than 4 modules over a 12-week cycle \'28i.e. one academic term\'29. In essence\'2C 8.5 notional hours of work for the educator. However\'2C a specific workload allocation has not been provided for academic staff on this programme. This has to be provided. The academic staff list has been provided\'2C but no CVs have been provided to verify the suitability of the proposed staff. A number of staff members have Masters degrees and not a qualification one level up. This has to be justified. One person is qualified in Anthropology. The use of this proposed staff member for this field has to be clarified. It is not clear which staff members are permanent and which are full-time. This has to be clarified.\line \line With regard to infrastructure\'2C the facility has 4 classrooms\'2C a computer lab\'2C a library\'2C students area\'2C offices\'2C reception\'2C and 3 meeting rooms. The institution also has to indicate how these facilities are sufficient given that other programmes are also offered at the site. There are also consultation rooms and 10 computers for student use. The library has 1 copier and print facility that operates on a pay-as-you-go system for students. The photocopiers are for students who wish to print in hardcopy from the desktops provided or copy of reference texts in the library. There is sufficient software available on computers. The institution has not indicated which library resources are available for students on the postgraduate programme at this campus. More information is needed.\line \line With regard to administrative services\'2C the institution seems to have adequate staff\'2C systems and facilities in place. There is a librarian in place. The institution has indicated that the library is adequately stocked\'2C but no information has been provided. There is an operations coordinator\'2C receptionist\'2C and housekeeping services. IT maintenance has been outsourced. The Moodle-based Learning Management System is maintained by the Systems Department based at Head Office\'2C and on a high-availability failover dual server platform hosted and maintained by a contractor. A dedicated academic Programme Coordinator is to be appointed on the Durban campus to provide strategic leadership in terms of staffing\'2C educators\'2Fsupervisors training\'2C students\'2C curriculum design and revisions\'3B provide support and to ensure that processes are efficient and that projects are completed and delivered according to the specified deliverables and standard. This person also coordinates WIL. The head of teaching and learning and the programme coordinator manage the postgraduate aspects related to the programme. There will be direct ongoing interaction between students enrolled in the programme and the Student Administrator regarding students\'3F progression through the new proposed programmes regarding any changes or adjustment with the programmes and any changes to students\'3F individual study plans. \line \line The institution has declared that the design and curriculum of the programme offered at the new site will be identical to the design and curriculum of the programme offered at existing sites of the institution and that the mode\'28s\'29 of delivery will be the same. Policies and procedures for student recruitment\'2C admission and selection will be identical to those in place at existing sites. Strategies for teaching\'2C learning and assessment will be the same as those in place at existing sites of delivery. The institution has also confirmed that the extension of the programme\'28s\'29 to the site of delivery for which this application refers is not currently being advertised or offered on the new site of delivery.\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate recommendation\b0 \line \par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9526

\intbl \itap2 \ql \b Site\'3A Durban Campus\'2C 5th floor 199\'2F203 Peter Mokaba RoadMorningsideDurban 4001 \b0 \line \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the above site be \line \line \b - Approved \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Criterion\b0 \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line A specific workload allocation has not been provided for academic staff on this programme. This has to be provided. \line \line The academic staff list has been provided\'2C but no CVs have been provided to verify the suitability of the proposed staff. The CVs have to be provided \'28with permission in order to comply with POPI\'29.\line \line A number of staff members have Masters degrees and not a qualification one level up. This has to be justified. \line \line One person is qualified in Anthropology. The use of this proposed staff member for this field has to be clarified. \line \line It is not clear which staff members are permanent and which are full-time. This has to be clarified.\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criteria 3 \'26 4\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line The institution also has to indicate how the facilities listed \'28specifically teaching venues\'29 are sufficient given that other programmes are also offered at the site.\line \line The institution has not indicated which library resources are available for students on the postgraduate programme at this campus. More information is needed.\line \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 7\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Prior to commencement\b0 \line The institution has confirmed that the Durban site of delivery is wholly controlled and administered by the South African College of Applied Psychology \'28Pty\'29 Ltd. However\'2C no lease agreement has been provided. The valid lease agreement has to be provided.\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 1\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
}\line and that the institution be permitted to offer the following programmes to this site of delivery\'3A\par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql No program offerings permitted\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
}\line \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap2 \nestrow \pard 
}\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}