{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords site directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 1st January 1970\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site visits for exisiting sites\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Site visits for exisiting sites\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Application number\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql SV030\'2F201700905\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Public or private institution\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Name of institution\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Dermatech Health and Skincare Training Institute\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Title of programme\'2Fs\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Higher Certificate\'3A Health and Skincare\line \i Currently offered at\'3A\i0 \line 60 on Blaauwberg\'2C 60 Blaauwbergroad\'2C Table View\'2C 7441-Main Campus\line \line Advanced Certificate\'3A Health and Skincare\line \i Currently offered at\'3A\i0 \line 60 on Blaauwberg\'2C 60 Blaauwbergroad\'2C Table View\'2C 7441-Main Campus\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Tuition mode\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Contact\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 60 on Blaauwberg\'2C 60 Blaauwbergroad\'2C Table View\'2C 7441\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line Background\line \line Introduction\line Dermatech \'28Pty\'29 Ltd is provisionally registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training as a Private Higher Education Institution \'28PHEI\'29 and is accredited by the Council on Higher Education \'28CHE\'29 to offer the following higher education programmes\'3A\line 1. Higher Certificate in Health and Skincare \'28HESQF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR591\'2FE001CAN\'29\line 2. Advanced Certificate in Health and Skincare \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 148 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR591\'2FE002CAN\'29\line \line \line Re-accreditation 2017\line This is the Institutions first re-accreditation cycle and it has submitted its programmes as individual programmes for evaluation. It is a requirement of the 2017 re-accreditation cycle that the conditions of accreditation linked to each programme undergoing accreditation have been met. The following conditions were set for the Higher Certificate in Health and Skincare \'28HESQF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR591\'2FE001CAN\'29\'3A\line 1. The name of the programme must be reflected as Higher Certificate in Health and Skincare to comply with the naming conventions of the HEQF \'28prior to commencement\'2C Criterion 1\'29.\line 2. The Institution must reconsider the weightings of the different learning activities \'28short term\'2C Criterion 1\'29.\line 3. The Institution must provide access to other learning resources in addition to their own materials \'28short term\'2C Criterion 1\'29.\line 4. The Institution must ensure that students have sufficient access to computer and internet facilities to support student learning \'28short term\'2C Criterion 7\'29.\line \line According to the CHE\'3Fs records the aforementioned conditions have been met with the exception of the second condition.\line \line The following conditions were set for the Advanced Certificate in Health and Skincare \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 148 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR591\'2FE002CAN\'29\'3A\line 1. The Institution must reconsider the relative weightings of the different learning activities \'28short term\'2C Criterion 1\'29.\line 2. The Institution must provide access to other learning resources in addition to their own materials \'28short term\'2C Criterion 1\'29.\line 3. The name of the programme must be reflected as an Advanced Certificate in Health and Skincare to be compliant with the naming conditions of the HEQF \'28short term\'2C Criterion 1\'29.\line 4. The Institution must ensure that students will have sufficient access to computer and internet facilities to support student learning \'28short term\'2C Criterion 7\'29.\line \line According to the CHE\'3Fs records the aforementioned conditions have been met.\line \line As stated the Institution submitted the Higher Certificate in Health and Skincare \'28HESQF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR591\'2FE001CAN\'29 and the Advanced Certificate in Health and Skincare \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 148 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR591\'2FE002CAN\'29 as individual programmes for evaluation for the 2017 re-accreditation cycle. The submissions have been evaluated by subject experts as part of the peer evaluator process. Furthermore\'2C a site visit was conducted to Dermatech to examine the quality of the provision of its programmes offered on its site of delivery for the purposes of confirming that its accredited programmes meet the Criteria for Programme Accreditation \'28Criterion 1 \'3F 19\'29. Summaries of the evaluator reports and site visit report follow in the next three sections of this recommendation.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line SUMMARY OF THE HIGHER CERTIFICATE IN HEALTH AND SKINCARE \'28HESQF ALIGNED\'2C NQF LEVEL 5\'2C120 CREDITS\'2C CONTACT MODE\'2C H\'2FPR591\'2FE001CAN\'29  EVALUATOR REPORT\line The evaluator is of the view that the Institution is to be commended for its responses to Criterion 1\'2C 7\'2C and 8. The Institution meets the minimum standards in Criterion 3\'2C 4\'2C 5\'2C 6\'2C and 11. Improvements are needed in respect of Criterion 2 and 10. The evaluator recommends that the programme be re-accredited\'2C subject to conditions.\line \line The programme aligns to the vision of the Institution. The programme provides students with the opportunity to prove their competence in performing health and skincare functions at the middle- to higher managerial and occupational level of the industry. The programme articulates with a Diploma. The Higher Certificate is the same as that was originally submitted for accreditation. The programme forms part of Institutional planning and resource allocation and complies with the requirements. \line \line The Institution states that it adheres to current legislation regarding admission\'2C and focuses on widening access to learning. The training offered is to facilitate progression into higher studies\'2C subject to national regulations. The Institution allows for mature students over 23 years who hold a senior certificate and students aged 45 years to be admitted\'2C provided that they obtain a Certificate of Conditional Exemption from the Matriculation Board. The Institution\'3Fs selection and admission criteria includes special needs students.\line \line The accreditation evaluation in 2012 recommended that the admission criteria include Life Science as a recommended subject\'2C and that an APS score be considered as students need to deal with subjects such as Anatomy and Dermatology at NQF level 5. Although the Institution states it uses a selection instrument\'2C little information on how it is used was supplied. The Institution strives to broaden access to the programme. The Institution admits learners with special needs although it is not clear if the infrastructure needed is in place. The Institution should ensure that it complies with the 10\'25 RPL admission rule.\line \line The Institution has one lecturer who is a qualified somatologist. However\'2C the overall qualifications of the academic staff may not be sufficiently high \'28only one of the three is in possession of a degree\'29. The Academic Manager\'3Fs qualification is at NQF level 6. Another staff member teaching on NQF level 5 modules is only qualified at NQF level 5. The external examiner has a Diploma in Health and Skincare at NQF level 6. The Institution provides opportunities for curriculum development. Staff development is promoted. The lecturers have years of relevant practical and lecturing experience but not all are qualified at one level above the programme taught.  The professional growth opportunities offered are often based on horizontal rather than vertical studies. \line \line Programme delivery takes the form of lectures and practical sessions. Academic decisions in relation to lectures\'2C practical sessions and work integrated learning are made by the Academic Board of the Institution. The Institution offers support for staff members who enrol in external higher education studies. The Institution\'3Fs staffing ratio in relation to size\'2C seniority and employment conditions is well balanced. The academic and support staff complement is of sufficient size. Redress and equity need to be addressed. The ratio of part time to full time staff requires attention. The use of external examiners with South African Association of Health and Skincare Professionals \'28SAAHSP\'29\'2C CIDESCO\'2C ITEC\'2C and CIBTAC accreditation needs to be addressed as the qualifications are at NQF level 5 and the CHE requires internal and examiners with qualifications at least one NQF level higher\'2C and at minimum a degree. \line \line The programme includes theoretical modules and practical application\'2C and work integrated learning \'28WIL\'29 is 100 hours. Students are divided into smaller groups for practical sessions.  Provision for one to one consultation is allocated. Lecturers assist students to compile their WIL portfolios. The Institution is planning to increase the level of formal assessment of WIL. The Institution makes provision for the assessment of WIL by external bodies. The evaluator is of the view that the teaching and learning strategy of the Institution meets the minimum requirements. The policy on teaching and learning is consistently implemented. The Institution is to be made aware that SAAHSP is a professional association and not a professional body while CIDESCO\'2C ITEC\'2C and CIBTAC are international examinations boards.\line \line Assessment is both formative and summative. Moderation templates are used to quality assure assessment. New staff members are provided with assessment orientation. All modules have clear assessment outcomes aligned to the learning outcomes. Assessments are moderated by internal and external moderators. The moderator moderates no less than 10\'25 of the total. The Institution\'3Fs assessment processes are effective and are well-monitored by the quality assurance officer. However\'2C the 10\'25 moderation could be increased to 20\'25 so that performing students and at-risk students may be identified. The assessment policy is well organised and monitored. \line \line The Institution has sufficient equipment and space for the student numbers. A library is available for research\'2C and textbooks are available. Student computers and Wi-Fi are available. The facilities are adequate and provide a sound learning environment. Venues appear to be suitable and sufficient. Only three computers are available for staff. \line \line The Institution has effective administrative services in place and the integrity of student records is intact. Qualification certificates are stored safely and each certificate is assigned a unique number. Procedures are well-monitored. However\'2C on the submitted attachment regarding the checklist for certification only two students completed their WIL with 100hrs. \line \line The role and responsibilities of the programme coordinator are set out clearly\'2C however\'2C there is no coordinator currently. The Academic Manager and the Quality Assurance Officer act in this capacity. It is recommended that the Institution should prioritize the filling of the coordinator post.\line \line WIL was introduced in 2016 and the Institution is currently working on ensuring students are based at a skincare clinic to ensure they prove competence. The Institution\'3Fs work integrated learning is aligned with SAASHP\'2C the professional association of skin and health professions.\line \line In 2015\'2C 13 of 17 and in 2016 7 of 9 enrolled students completed the Higher Certificate. Reasons for dropout include financial\'2C lack of interest and medical. All seven students who completed the Higher Certificate in 2016 enrolled for the Advanced Certificate programme. Throughput rates are acceptable.  \line \line The evaluator is of the view that the Institution provides job opportunities as it is in a tourist area of Cape Town where hotel spas\'2C lodge spas and salons are readily available for learners to be employed. There is no discussion on how many students obtain employment\'2C or whether the Higher Certificate is sufficient for employment. \line \line Following a change in ownership\'2C a programme evaluation was conducted which obtained input from staff and head office personnel. This process enabled the Institution to work on areas of improvement in the programme\'2C focusing on curriculum development. Key gaps were identified in teacher training development\'2C administration of programmes in areas such as examination\'2C moderation\'2C certification and assessment. A work-based learning assessment tool is needed for 2017. A SWOT analysis provided insight into the programme\'2C and identified opportunities. It is not clear how often programme reviews are done. \line \line \line SUMMARY OF THE ADVANCED CERTIFICATE IN HEALTH AND SKINCARE \'28HEQSF ALIGNED\'2C NQF LEVEL 6\'2C 148 CREDITS\'2C CONTACT MODE\'2C H\'2FPR591\'2FE002CAN\'29  EVALUATOR REPORT\line The evaluator notes that the Institution meets the minimum standards for Criterion 1\'2C 2\'2C 3\'2C 4\'2C 5\'2C and 6. The Institution needs improvement in Criterion 10 and 12\'2C and is commended for Criterion 7\'2C 8\'2C 17 and 18 \'28the latter without too much substance\'29. The evaluator recommends that the programme be re-accredited\'2C subject to conditions. \line \line The Advanced Certificate is designed to be a vocational or industry-oriented qualification with the emphasis on a sound knowledge base in the field. The programme has a strong vocational focus\'2C and students are prepared to enter the labour market. The programme includes a WIL component. The Advanced Certificate complies with the requirements although the Institution is advised not to fragment the programme into small 9-credits modules and overload modules with content.\line \line The Institution permits learners with the Higher Certificate to enrol for the Advanced Certificate. The Institution states that for admission into further levels of study the credit accumulation and transfer \'28CAT\'29 system is applicable. RPL is conducted in line with national policy \'28to a maximum of 10\'25 of a cohort\'29. The evaluator recommends that the Institution consider regarding the Advanced Certificate \'3Fas a second year study from the initial Higher Certificate\'3F and that the Institution \'3Fcannot RPL all \'3F \'5Bseven students\'5D into second year which is an Advanced Certificate because you would need to be applying RPL process to more than 10\'25 of the learners\'3F. It is the view of the Directorate that the evaluator is either not correctly understanding the relationship between a higher certificate and an advanced certificate for admission purposes\'2C or is not articulating the RPL concern sufficiently clearly.\line \line The staffing size\'2C seniority and employment conditions are sufficient. Administrative functionaries are in place. Redress and equity need to be addressed. The external examiners \'28who have SAAHSP\'2C CIDESCO\'2C ITEC\'2C CIBTAC qualifications\'29 needs to be addressed as these need to be qualified one NQF level higher than the examination they are moderating\'2C and at minimum a degree. \line \line The teaching and learning strategy of the Institution meets the minimum requirements. The Policy on Teaching and Learning is consistently implemented. WIL is allocated a high number of credits which could create challenges for students to complete particularly for learners who have to look for placements independently. The evaluator notes that the Research Methodology is offered at NQF level 7 and recommends that Institution not offer this module in the Advanced Certificate as \'3Fit requires a learner to demonstrate in-depth understanding of the skill of research\'3F. However\'2C the Directorate notes that the module is at level 6\'2C and while this may not be necessary for an Advanced Certificate in principle\'2C there is nothing requiring the Institution not to have it.  \line \line The Institution has an effective assessment policy in place which is well monitored by the QA Officer.  Pre-assessment and post-assessment meetings are held and all assessments are moderated. The evaluator is of the view that the 10\'25 moderation could be increased to 20\'25 so that performing students and risk students could be easily identified. The Re-Assessment Policy is well implemented and practiced by the Institution to ensure credibility and reliability of the marking system.\line \line The Institution has sufficient equipment and space for the student numbers and the infrastructure and facilities comply with the requirements. There are currently 13 students enrolled for the Advanced Certificate. A sound learning environment is in place\'2C and classes are small and manageable. Venues are suitable and sufficient. Three computers are available for staff\'2C and three for students. \line \line The Institution has effective administration in place. The procedure for the security and integrity of certification and assessment is well managed and monitored. Each certificate is issued with the SAQA ID and a unique certificate number. All certificates are signed by two signatories. \line \line The Institution has clearly indicated the role and responsibility of the Programme Coordinator in its response however currently there is no person in this position and the Academic Manager and the QA Manager perform this function. It is recommended that the Institution prioritise this position.\line \line Staff development is in place\'2C but needs to be amended to ensure that staff obtain a qualification at one NQF level higher than the level at which they teach\'2C and at minimum a degree\'2C where relevant. The over-use of additional studies at the same level is to be avoided. The current lecturers on this programme are qualified to offer the Advanced Certificate in Health and Skin Care. Accordingly\'2C the staff is able to offer different teaching and learning techniques which enable interaction with the academic staff and students. Student assessment is well organised and monitored. The evaluator comments that although international exams provide students with the opportunity to work overseas\'2C \'3Ftheir qualification is regarded as horizontal articulation nationally since their NQF is at level 5\'3F. It is not clear what is meant by this\'2C and the Institution nonetheless complies in the main wit the criterion. The exception is the moderators who need also to be qualified at Bachelor\'3Fs level to moderate the Advanced Certificate. The Institution is to appoint appropriate moderators.\line \line The Institution has provided a plan of action for improving the WIL component\'2C introduced in 2016. The plan meets the requirement of the Criteria. \line \line The throughput rates on the programme are good\'3B only two students did not complete the programme. The Directorate notes that the employability of graduates is not directly addressed in the submission\'2C although there are plans in place to do so. The evaluator remarks that the programme is based in Cape Town\'2C a tourist attraction \'3Fwhere hotel spas\'2C lodge spas and salons are readily available for learners to be employed\'3F. The Directorate notes that this Criterion has not technically been met. \line \line Programme review has taken place\'2C as a change of ownership necessitated the assessment. The input of staff and head office personnel was obtained. A self-evaluation of the programmes was conducted which allowed the Institution to work on areas of improvement. The gaps identified were\'3A staff development\'2C the administration of the programme\'2C infrastructure\'2C QA mechanisms and a work-based learning assessment tool. The Institution pays attention to teaching and learning and self-evaluation of the programme. The Directorate notes that no evidence of changes made to the programme as a result of the review were\'2C however\'2C submitted. \line \line The Directorate concurs with the evaluator\'3Fs findings in respect of re-accreditation\'2C but the Directorate does not agree with some of the \'3Fratings\'3F allocated. The awarding of commendations in the face of insubstantial evidence is problematic. In some places\'2C the assessment of the submission is thin\'2C however this does not\'2C overall\'2C impact too significantly on the key requirement of the evaluation\'2C and the overall recommendation may stand.\line \line \line SUMMARY OF THE 2017 SITE VISIT REPORT\line The Institution offers two programmes\'3A A Higher Certificate in Health and Skincare\'2C and an Advanced Certificate in Health and Skincare. The programmes appear on the DHET Register and are on the NQF. The programmes offered are the same as those accredited. \line \line The admission requirements are commensurate with the programmes\'3F academic requirements. The admission criteria make provision for mature students\'2C and various school subjects are recommended\'2C but are not compulsory.  The admission criteria meet minimum requirements.  Student numbers are capped in line with institutional capacity. Students are interviewed prior to enrolment to ensure that they understand the programme demands and outcomes.  Marketing targets all groups\'2C although demographic targets are not currently met.  A small number of students \'2816\'29 is registered for each programme.\line \line There are two academic staff members responsible for facilitation and who are suitably and adequately qualified\'2C and have relevant industry and teaching experience. Staff do not have a research profile\'2C however\'2C for the purposes of these programmes it is not applicable.  A staff induction programme is in place\'2C and professional growth and development is provided for. The academic staff is not given the opportunity to obtain further qualifications and high workloads would not permit this. Academic staff need to be given the opportunity to further their own qualifications. The staff complement is of sufficient seniority for the programme\'2C and turnover is low. \line \line However\'2C the academic staff complement is not sufficient to ensure that all activities are carried out effectively. Only two academic staff members are full-time for two programmes\'2C and they have administrative responsibilities. The Directorate notes that the Higher Certificate re-accreditation submission lists three staff\'2C two of whom are not adequately qualified\'3B the Advanced Certificate submission lists only two staff\'2C one of whom is also teaching on the Higher Certificate.\'29 Workloads are consequently heavy\'2C although evidence of monitoring and management of staff workload was provided. There is also a top heavy managerial staff complement \'28Principal\'2C QA Manager\'2C and Academic Manager\'29 and the QA Manager also has lecturing responsibilities.  There is confusion regarding reporting lines for academics. Support staff receive no benefits other than leave. A librarian has been appointed recently \'281 August 2017\'29 and does not have the experience and competence to offer the relevant library services as necessary for students\'3F needs. A development plan for the librarian is needed.\line \line An appropriate teaching and learning policy is in place and good provision for contact time is made. Study guides were recently revised and the student orientation pack developed. Students are required to be on campus from 08\'3A00 to 16\'3A00 on weekdays which students find long.\line \line A range of assessments is used\'2C and formative and summative assessment is in place. There are reports that internal moderation is undertaken by the principal\'2C however there was no evidence in the form of reports to substantiate this. There is no evidence of external moderation.  Tests and exams are printed and stored in a secure environment. The explicitness\'2C validity and reliability of assessment practices\'3B recording of assessment results are not consistently implemented and it is not clear how academics determine year marks\'2C examination marks and final marks. Certification processes are in place. The Institution is required to provide a detailed plan of how external moderators are used to moderate a sufficient sample of student work.  There must be correct internal and external moderation and module outlines need to be standardised to reflect assessment requirements.  \line \line The campus is modern and well equipped and the theory and practical rooms are sufficient.  Library resources are very limited and outdated. There is IT support for staff and students and students have access to Wi-Fi. The current librarian is not competent and does not seem to understand his role. It is recommended that marketing material accurately reflect the on-site facilities. It is recommended that the Institution provides an annual library budget to modernise and expand its holdings. There is adequate administrative staffing.\line \line The programmes are effectively coordinated but there is no clear distinction between the various management roles\'2C which creates confusion. The Institution should clarify this.\line The Institution does not have internal academic development initiatives and relies on workshops offered by the professional association which are adequate to keep staff abreast of trends in the industry. The Institution offers an orientation workshop for new students.  Students are allowed to complete their studies over a longer period.  \line \line Although the learning material is of a good standard and the prescribed textbooks are useful\'2C some textbooks are inadequate and outdated and students do not always use the same edition as the lecturer. The Panel notes that the learning guides are limited and there are limited assessments guidelines. Students do not have sufficient information about how they are assessed and how the assessment marks contribute to their year mark.\line \line The Institution does not take responsibility for the placement of students for WIL. It provides them with reference letters and a list of workplaces. Internal work-based learning is supervised by a qualified supervisor. Students keep a logbook of their WIL experience and the Institution monitors students at external workplaces and relies on workplace supervisors for monitoring of students\'3F progress and confirmation of their competencies.  WIL reports are signed off by the Principal.\line The Institution has mechanisms in place to identify students at risk\'2C which is aided by the fact that class groups are small.  The QA Manager monitors student success.  Student completion rates are high.\line \line The Institution reports 100\'25 student employability. The Panel noted that most students are offered full-time employment while they are doing work-based learning. The Institution has a salon on site where students complete the full range of practicals and are required to complete 100 hours of practical work within the Institution\'3Fs salon and 300 hours\'3F of experience outside the Institution. Alumni may attend workshops to upskill. Students may also complete internationally recognised exams that enhance their employability.\line \line Some evidence of a programme review \'28undated\'29 was provided\'2C for the Higher Certificate. Evidence of strategic planning is included. Some evidence of student feedback\'2C also undated\'2C has been supplied. There is no systematic review process in place and reviews are ad hoc.  There is no external stakeholder involvement in the form of advisory committees in place. No evidence of improvements in programme design or programme delivery were provided. The Institution needs to implement a formal review process that ensures that regular programme reviews and user surveys\'2C involving stakeholders\'2C are done.  The process needs to clearly indicate that review results are used to enhance teaching and learning.  \line \line The Institution has recently been acquired by the Educor group and some evidence of the Educor brand has been introduced in Quality Management and certification processes.  It is important that the rollout of Educor policies and practices be accelerated in areas of teaching and learning\'2C student and staff development\'2C and assessment and moderation practice. \line \line DIRECTORATE DISCUSSION\line Higher Certificate in Health and Skincare\line The Directorate notes that the Institution cannot be said to meet the minimum standards in respect of Criterion 3 and 4 as it is currently delivering the programmes with an overall under-qualified staff. The Directorate notes that there are suitably qualified\'2C degreed individuals available\'2C as this is an established area. As a result of the profile of the staff\'2C the Institution could also be compromising on its teaching and learning strategy \'28Criterion 5\'29\'2C and on the quality and integrity of assessment \'28Criterion 6\'29. Programme coordination is not compromised per se\'2C as this is managed by two senior staff members at least one of whom appears to be adequately qualified.  The Institution is to ensure that it appoint suitably qualified staff \'28including external moderators\'29 as a matter of urgency\'2C as this is crucial.  The Directorate nonetheless agrees that\'2C given the nature of the programme\'2C and the experience of the staff\'2C the institution be re-accredited for the Higher Certificate subject to conditions. \line \line Advanced Certificate in Health and Skincare\line The Directorate concurs with the evaluator\'3Fs findings in respect of re-accreditation\'2C but notes that the assessment appears rushed in places \'28reference is made to the \'3FAdvanced Certification\'3F across the report\'29. The Directorate does not agree with some of the \'3Fratings\'3F allocated. The awarding of commendations in the face of flimsy evidence is problematic. In some places\'2C the assessment of the submission is thin\'2C however this does not\'2C overall\'2C impact too significantly on the key requirement of the evaluation\'2C and the overall recommendation may stand.\line \line Site Visit \line Significantly\'2C the site visit report and the two individual programme reports concur on the areas of strength and development. The Directorate agrees that the site be reaccredited for delivery of the two programmes\'2C and reflects the recommended conditions in the relevant sections\'2C below. \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate recommendation\b0 \line \par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9526

\intbl \itap2 \ql \b Site\'3A Main Campus\'2C 60 on Blaauwberg\'2C 60 Blaauwbergroad\'2C Table View\'2C 7441 \b0 \line \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the above site be \line \line \b - Approved \'28with conditions\'29\b0 \line \par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Condition\'28s\'29 \b0 \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Criterion\b0 \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line \'3F Advanced Certificate in Health and Skincare \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 146 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR591\'2FE002CAN\'29\line \line 9. The Institution may consider removing the research methodology module \'28which is not necessary in an Advanced Certificate\'29 in light of the time needed for the 300 hours of WIL. \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql 1\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line \'3F Advanced Certificate in Health and Skincare \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C NQF level 6\'2C 146 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR591\'2FE002CAN\'29\line 10. The Institution is to submit a workload and staffing model for the programme that allows time for staff\'3Fs own academic development\'2C and that provides for a larger team of skilled and qualified persons to deliver across the two programmes. \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql 3\'2C 4\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line \'3F Higher Certificate in Health and Skincare \'28HESQF aligned\'2C NQF level 5\'2C120 credits\'2C contact mode\'2C H\'2FPR591\'2FE001CAN\'29\line 8. The Institution is to submit a workload and staffing model for the programme that allows time for the staff\'3Fs own academic development\'2C and that provides for a larger team of skilled and qualified persons to deliver across the two programmes. \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql 3\'2C 4\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 1. The Institution is to submit a staff development plan which addresses\'2C among other things\'2C how it will adjust workload\'2Fs to ensure that staff not currently qualified to teach on the programme\'2Fs will be qualified to do so. \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql 3\'2C 4\'2C 11\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 2. The Institution is to explain how it will ensure that work integrated learning \'28WIL\'29 will be adequately assessed and monitored by the Institution in both programmes\'2C including support for students in obtaining appropriate placements. \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql 5\'2C 15\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 3. The Institution is to implement a module template that sets out clearly the assessment requirements for each module. \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql 6\'2C 13\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 4. The Institution is to submit a plan which indicates how it will implement appropriate internal and external moderation policies and procedures. The plan is to address inter alia the criteria for selection of moderators\'2C moderators\'3F reports\'2C sample size\'2C etc. \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql 6\'2C 13\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 5. The Institution is to indicate how it will develop its library holdings and staffing so that the Library and its resources are useful to the students in meeting the outcomes of their programmes.\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql 7\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 6. The Institution is to develop an appropriate programme impact tool which addresses\'2C among other things\'2C employability.\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql 18\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Short-term\b0 \line 7. The Institution needs to implement a formal review process that ensures that regular programme reviews and user surveys\'2C involving stakeholders\'2C are done.  The process needs to clearly indicate that review results are used to enhance teaching and learning\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql 19\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
}\line and that the institution be permitted to offer the following programmes to this site of delivery\'3A\par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql Higher Certificate\'3A Health and Skincare\line Advanced Certificate\'3A Health and Skincare\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
}\line \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap2 \nestrow \pard 
}\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}