{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720

{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Arial;}Arial;}
{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0{\*\fname Times New Roman;}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Microsoft Sans Serif;}
{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}
{\f7\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010999}Verdana;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010888}Courier;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010812}Helvetica;;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f11\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020102010507070707}Wingdings 2;}
{\f12\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05040102010807070707}Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010558}Arial Narrow;}
{\f21\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000400000000000000}Futura Medium;}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
}

{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green153\blue0;
\red102\green0\blue153;

}
{\info

}
{\title Directorate Recommendation}{\subject }{\author HEQC-online system}{\manager }{\company Council on Higher Education}{\operator }{\category HEQC-online system}{\keywords site directorate recommendation}{\comment }{\doccomm }\f2 \fs20
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl567\margr522\margt567\margb567\headery284\footery567
\pgncont\pgndec\pgnstarts1\pgnrestart
\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar

\par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \qc \b HIGHER EDUCATION QUALITY COMMITTEE\line  ACCREDITATION COMMITTEE\line \ul MEETING HELD ON \i 31st May 2019\i0 \ul0 \b0 \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\b0 \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Site visits for exisiting sites\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql Record of proceedings relating to\'3A\cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Site visits for exisiting sites\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Application number\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql H\'2FPR102\'2FE004CAN\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Public or private institution\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Private\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Name of institution\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Full Gospel Church of God College\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Title of programme\'2Fs\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Diploma in Theology\line \i Currently offered at\'3A\i0 \line IRENE-Main Campus\line \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Tuition mode\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Distance\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx4820
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9640

\intbl \ql \b Site\'28s\'29 of delivery\b0 \cell \pard 
\intbl \ql Main Campus\line 9 Jan Smuts Avenue \line IRENE\line 0062\cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Background\b0 \line BACKGROUND\line \line The Full Gospel Church of God College \'28FGCGC\'29 is not registered with the Department of Higher Education and Training \'28DHET\'29 as a Private Higher Education Institution because its registration has been cancelled\'2Flapsed.\line \line The HEQC of 7 July 2016 accredited the Diploma in Theology \'28HEQSF aligned\'2C 360 credits\'2C NQF level 6\'2C distance mode\'2C H\'2FPR102\'2FE004CAN\'29 to be offered at 9 Jan Smuts Avenue\'2C Irene\'2C 0062 with one short term condition of a site visit.\line \line On 25 July 2016\'2C the CHE conducted a site visit to FGCGC as required. The Panel was tasked to confirm the capacity of the Institution to offer the aforementioned programme in relation to Criterion 1-8. \line \line The summary of the site report follows in the next section.\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Summary of Evaluator Report\b0 \line SUMMARY OF SITE VISIT REPORT\'3A\line In the site visit report\'2C the Panel indicated that they were concerned about the lack of insight by members of management into the requirements of distance education delivery. There was a serious lack of understanding for what distance learning requires in terms of teaching and learning and mostly infrastructure. The Panel also stated that there appears to be a lack of understanding regarding some rudimentary elements of distance education such as features of connectivity\'2C learning management and delivery via distance. The Panel also found that many of the policies provided are inadequate\'2C poorly written and need serious revision. Although the relevant policies do touch on the correct issues in some cases\'2C the budgets and processes do not align to support quality learning via a distance. The Panel thus concluded that the institution is not ready to offer a new programme via distance education.\line \line The Panel found that there was no programme on offer at the site and the Institution also did not have a current registration for a programme with the DHET. The Institution is currently offering short courses and a Diploma in Ministry described as an in-house qualification.  Currently there are about 10 students on campus for 14 weeks at a time attending classes on the Diploma in Ministry. The Panel noted that the latter qualification may not be legal. The Panel also noted that students and \'28some\'29 staff seem to be under the impression that once the Diploma in Theology is accredited\'2C the credits acquired in the Diploma in Ministry will simply be transferred to the Diploma in Theology. The Panel found this as an area of concern. Students are given certificates at the completion of each year in the Diploma in Ministry. Certificates are also awarded for short course programmes in a way that can be confusing to students. There is also an agreement in place with North West University \'28NWU\'29 that is not very clear. The Panel stated that during the interview with the principal it was confirmed that there is still an active agreement\'2C but the Panel was not able to determine what this agreement entails. \line \line The Panel indicated in their report that the Diploma in Theology programme is not yet on offer. There are\'2C however\'2C problems with the design of the diploma in terms of its design and the credit value of classic languages. The Panel remarked that it is not completely clear what the institution is aiming for in the design of the diploma. A qualification of this nature primarily has a vocational orientation\'2C which includes professional\'2C vocational\'2C or industry specific knowledge that provides a sound understanding of general theoretical principles as well as a combination of general and specific procedures and their application. This is not so for the proposed programme. There are also modules to be completed for which credits are not awarded and the NQF level 6 programme contains four modules on NQF level 7.  The programme includes practical ministry in the form of sermon delivery which has not been properly outlined in terms of WIL. While the Institution emphasises practicals\'2C building it into all modules\'2C it has no clear policy statement in respect of WIL. It is also unclear whether the Institution takes responsibility for placement of students. Furthermore\'2C the Panel found that the programme is not aligned to the South African context. \line \line In terms of admission and selection the principal indicated that the proposed Diploma in Theology will be aimed at people from other denominations and not only from the Full Gospel Church. The submission for the Diploma\'2C however\'2C includes courses \'28not for credit\'29 related to denominational work. The module content is also very much aligned with the Full Gospel Church denomination. The Panel noted that the programme requirements indicate proficiency in information gathering\'2C analysis and presentation skills at NQF level 4\'2C but no indication was given as to how this will be determined or whether there is an entrance test that gauges the level of the students. The target audience is identified by the Institution as students who would not typically get into the university system \'28typically weaker\'29. The Panel remarked that there is a serious question about the suitability of distance mode for weaker students\'2C especially since the Institution does not appear to have the required level of readiness. In addition\'2C the Panel indicated that the RPL policy does not give clear indication of how the Institution understands RPL and how it is implemented. It is unclear what part of a qualification is allowed and how many students per intake will be granted access to the qualification based on RPL. The Panel also found that the Institution is not ready to service a significant number of students as it does not have the technology and staff in place to support them.\line \line With regards to staffing\'2C the Panel indicated that the permanent and part-time staff members seem to be appropriately qualified. There is currently only three permanent staff members with another five appointed as part-time staff members. The Panel noted that the Institution does not provide staff members with the opportunity to further their studies. There is very little to no training provided in assessment\'2C student support\'2C distance learning and related services. The distance education model proposed makes provision for learning centres\'2C but the Panel stated that staff members at learning centres may be less competent than those at the main campus. In addition\'2C the Panel found that there are no real distance education experts on site and also nobody with education technology experience to guide the implementation of distance learning up to an acceptable standard. The Panel also pointed out that only one person is listed for academic staff development\'2C assessment expertise\'2C moderation\'2C distance learning experience\'2C lecturing\'2C course revision\'2C etc \'3F this is not a viable situation for the implementation of a new programme via the distance mode. The librarian is not a qualified librarian and also acts as a lecturer and a course reviewer. Support staff members seem to be experienced\'2C but do not receive adequate training for the work they do. Some of them are self-taught like the librarian. The institutional manager and the administrator do not have sufficient understanding of distance learning and the technology and infrastructure required. The Panel stated that a workload distribution model has to be drafted in order to demonstrate the responsibilities of all academic staff members\line .\line With regards to teaching and learning\'2C the Panel indicated that student support goes out in the form of a CD with resources. Some classes are recorded in audio. Facilitators can contact students via email and telephone. The Institution indicated that they intend for students to be engaged in 80\'25 independent study with 20\'25 allocated to contact \'28via email\'2C fax\'2C telephone\'2C learning centre contact\'29. These are all ad hoc actions and there is no integrated learning management system \'28LMS\'29 in place to manage distance learning delivery. Although the Institution indicated that there is funding and that support will be implemented if accreditation is acquired\'2C the Panel is not convinced of this commitment both in terms of the budget and the expertise at the Institution. A mentoring system is in place where people with degrees support current students. In the learning centres pastors from the particular church involved will manage the learning centre and take care of students\'3F academic and support needs. A list of learning support centres indicates the names of 29 learning centres country wide. The manager of the learning centre is responsible for marketing of programmes\'2C admission of students to the institution\'2C distribution of study materials\'2C organizing\'2C financial matters\'2C presenting and conducting study teams\'2C and for invigilation of exams. It is not clear how the managers\'2C who are expected to be qualified\'2C are trained to fulfil or oversee all these functions. This is of concern as it is indicated that any pastor or member of a Church can commence a learning support centre and it is unclear if any or many of these centres will have their own libraries\'2C Internet access\'2C transport\'2C accommodation\'2C and computer equipment. \line \line The Panel\'2C furthermore\'2C stated that learning materials in storage have been obtained from an institution in the United States\'2C but that these materials are not in the format required for good practice distance learning. It will take substantial redevelopment of some of the relevant materials to be used on the proposed diploma. Moreover\'2C the Panel found that quality assurance processes in respect of module design and assessment seems to be problematic.  The Teaching and Learning Policy indicates that this is left to the discretion of facilitators. Quality assurance of modules seems ad hoc and dependent on a single academic. The Panel stated that it is also not clear how the Institution provides or will provide support to students from previously disadvantaged backgrounds. Again\'2C the Panel reemphasized that the Institution has no real expertise in distance delivery in terms of information technology development\'2C academic development\'2C student support and design of distance delivery. The Institution\'3Fs mind set is still very much constrained by the principles of contact. The Teaching and Learning Strategy makes a number of important commitments\'2C but is really not aligned to the requirements of contemporary distance learning.  The Panel concluded that it cannot express any confidence in the Institution at the moment being able to teach and support students via a distance.\line \line In terms of assessment\'2C the Panel found that the moderation practices are not very clear. Pre and post assessment moderation is not conducted in all cases. It appears that there is something of a misunderstanding of the external moderation process and it is not clear whether moderation happens on each module and whether this serves in the finalisation of results and it was indicated that external moderation will only be added once the diploma is accredited. Internal moderation is done by one individual. In addition\'2C the Panel found that the information recorded on the moderation report is not meaningful and reference is made to SETA and FET in the Assessment Policy. Furthermore\'2C the Panel stated that there is a lack of consistency in assessment design. In the modules surveyed\'2C the weighting allocated to the summative component ranged from 80\'25 to 40\'25. When questioned on the matter\'2C no satisfactory explanation was provided. Papers appear to be marked using a module template that assesses students against very general criteria. The Panel suggested that more attention should be given to interrogating the question of what is being assessed \'28skill\'2C acquisition\'2C knowledge transfer\'29. The Panel concluded that the Institution\'3Fs moderation process does not meet requirements and that it will have to be revised in order for it to be rigorous. The assessment design across modules has to be revisited in order to allow for consistency. \line \line The Panel also expressed its dissatisfaction with the facilities and infrastructure available to deliver the programme via distance learning. The Panel emphasize that any person or entity can register a learning centre\'2C but it is unclear if any or how many of these centres will have their own libraries\'2C internet access\'2C transport\'2C accommodation and computer equipment. It is also not clear how many of the current 29 centres comply with these requirements. The main campus in Irene is itself lacking in especially technology and support mechanisms for distance learning. The institution\'3Fs Internet connectivity is slow and intermittent and the technology is insufficient. The Panel stated that there are no real teaching and learning technologies that will allow for synchronous and asynchronous communication. There seems to be no person in charge of technology. There is very little to no understanding of current distance learning technologies and ICTs appropriate for education. The Institution indicated that they will make use of a white board system\'2C but it is not in place and does not appear on the proposed budget. It is not clear if the whiteboard sessions will be recorded and\'2For transmitted to regional classes. \line \line The Institution indicated a budget of R200 000 for computer equipment\'2C office equipment\'2C the library and furniture and fittings\'2C but it is inadequate given what needs to be done and acquired to be ready for delivery of a diploma via distance learning. Although the separate Library budget indicates R172 000 no amount is indicated for books and only R3 000 for journal subscriptions and R1 000 for online journals. This is totally inadequate. The library contains sufficient books\'2C but these are mostly outdated. There is no library system \'3F only a page with links to resources on the Internet some of which the students have to pay for if they want to access it. The library\'3Fs network infrastructure appears to be problematic as some computers were not connected. The Panel indicated that there are three lecture rooms at the Irene campus. Some of these classrooms are not ideal for students. The furniture needs replacement and the carpets are in a very poor state. Some classrooms are not suitable for students and tutorial sessions. There is also not sufficient technology in the classrooms. \line \line In terms of administration the Panel stated that certificates are printed on site and although assurance was given that certificates are never re-issued\'2C the Certification Policy does allow for reprints. The MIS has been implemented recently and appears to be capable of handling distance learning and the required categories of data. Staff members were unable to explain the location of the backup server or service. This is a serious risk in terms of student data and information. \line \line The Directorate recommends that the site should not be approved for the offering of distance education programmes and that the Diploma in Theology should not be accredited. \line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line \par\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9639

\intbl \ql \b Directorate recommendation\b0 \line \par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\cellx9526

\intbl \itap2 \ql \b Site\'3A Main Campus\'2C 9 Jan Smuts Avenue IRENE0062\b0 \line \line The Accreditation Directorate recommends that the above site be \line \line \b - Not approved\b0 \line \par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Reason\'28s\'29 for non-approval\b0 \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql \b Criterion\b0 \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 1. The Institution has not demonstrated that the site is ready to offer the proposed programme via the distance mode of delivery due to the lack of infrastructure and expertise. The Institution has not demonstrated that there is the necessary distance education capability and knowledge in educational technology required to offer quality distance learning opportunities.\line \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 1-8\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 2. The design of the programme and the credit values of some modules are not aligned with the requirements. There are modules with no credits and the NQF level 6 programme contains four modules at NQF level 7. \line \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 1\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 3.The Institution has not developed the programme includes practical ministry in the form of sermon delivery which has not been properly developed in terms of WIL. It is also unclear whether the Institution takes responsibility for placement of students. Furthermore\'2C the programme is not aligned to the South African context.\line \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 1\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 4. The RPL Policy does not give clear indication of how the Institution understands RPL and how it is implemented.\line \line \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 2\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 5. The distance education model proposed lacks the evidence of training and support to academics in assessment\'2C student support and related services to offering a higher education programme via the distance mode.\line \nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 3\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 6. The Learning Management system \'28LMS\'29 to manage distance learning delivery is inadequate.\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 7\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx7655
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql 7. The Institution lacks mechanisms to protect its data as there is no backup server or service. This is a serious risk in terms of student data and information.\nestcell \pard 
\intbl \itap3 \ql Criterion 8\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
}\line and that the institution be permitted to offer the following programmes to this site of delivery\'3A\par{\*\nesttableprops\pard\trowd\trqc \trpaddl113\trpaddt113\trpaddb113\trpaddr113\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trgaph100\trrh100\trleft36
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\cellx9356

\intbl \itap3 \ql No program offerings permitted\nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap3 \nestrow \pard 
}\line \nestcell \pard 

\intbl \itap2 \nestrow \pard 
}\line \cell \pard 

\intbl \row \pard 
\line 
}